{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue221;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 From: 
\f1\b0 Mitsuhiro Shishikura <mitsu@kusm.kyoto-u.ac.jp>\

\f0\b Date: 
\f1\b0 Fri Jan 3, 2003  8:36:49 AM US/Pacific\

\f0\b To: 
\f1\b0 Richard Koch <koch@math.uoregon.edu>\

\f0\b Subject: 
\f1\b0 Re: TeXShop\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Dear Dick,\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li200\ql\qnatural
\cf3 I don't think it is necessary to active this with a command key, but\
I did make one change. Sometimes users will want to magnify\
a larger area. In the code below, the option key can be pressed any time\
the magnifying glass is being used, and then a larger area will be\
magnified.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
This is a good idea and I like it.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li200\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Also I notice one very minor bug, but it is Apple's bug, they know\
about it,\
and they will surely fix it soon. If the magnifying glass is positioned\
"just\
right," then large symbols like integrals, summation signs, and\
parentheses,\
will be slightly cut off when the mouse is released. See my web page\
for an explanation of other symptoms of this bug. In the case of the\
magnifying class, the symbol can be fixed by using the mouse again\
and moving it slightly, and the bug is almost invisible. So I don't\
intend\
to try a fix.\
\
OK?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
I  read that part of your web page before, and I tried it out this time.\
In fact, the magnifying glass can be a quick (although incomplete) remedy\
for that bug.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li200\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Seiji Zenitani made some changes to Japanese encodings. I think\
his changes are compatible with your changes, but I need to check\
that with you. Zenitani added\
\
	Japanese (ShiftJIS yen)  of course yen is replaced by the yen symbol\
	Japanese (ShiftJIS \\)\
	Janapese (EUC)\
\
It looks like you want these three encodings plus one more, namely\
Japanese(JIS).\
\
I convinced Zenitani to use Japanese (ShiftJIS 1) and Japanese\
(ShiftJIS 2)\
in all localizations except Japanese, fearing that the yen symbol might\
be unavailable to\
other users. But now that I understand the issues, I think that was a\
mistake\
and unless you object I'll name these Japanese (ShiftJIS yen) and\
Japanese (ShiftJIS \\) in all localizations\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
Seiji Zenitani and me (among others) are in contact through a BBS\
in Japan.  He and others gave suggestions to my versions of TeXShop-jx.\
ShiftJIS, EUC and JIS are three major encodings for Japanese.  On Macintosh and\
windows, ShiftJIS is the default encoding and EUC and JIS are for UNIX systems.\
(I think EUC is more dominant now. ) At the beginning, I thought of\
implementing\
only ShiftJIS and EUC, but when I asked on the BBS if JIS is necessary, and one\
of experienced users says that some style files may be distributed in JIS\
encoding.\
So if you don't mind, please add one more.\
\
As for yen sign, it users use a proper unicode font, it should come out\
correctly.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li200\ql\qnatural
\cf3 I agree with ALL your changes for command T; a faculty member\
here requested a similar change. So I'll do that next.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
When you assign the default program ID, or whichEngine, you may want to add\
a code so that if the first line of a document mentions the name of the program\
then it override the default program.  (Like "%&pdflatex" etc in current\
version.)\
---------------------------------------------------\
I have some comments on your 1-26 version:\
\
In Japanese resource, the menus are in a wrong order; preview menu came after\
help menu.  You can tell it by looking at key equivalents.\
\
In Configuration.rtf, you explained how to open the TeXShop.app as a package.\
One should hold the control key, not the command key.\
\
Also for these .plist files, you could add a code so that these files are\
copied\
from TeXShop.app to proper directories in ~/Library/TeXShop.\
Templates and LaTeX panel has this feature, and I also added a similar one for\
MacroMenu.\
\
I observed that each document has a copy of autocompletionDictionary.\
You can make it a global variable and initialize it in\
applicationWillFinishLaunching\
in TSAppDelegate.m.\
\
Best regards,\
\
Mitsu\
\
}