{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Nicola Vitacolonna <nicola.vitacolonna@uniud.it>\
Subject: Issue syncing ConTeXt documents with external editors\
Date: May 30, 2020 at 3:39:30 AM PDT\
To: "koch@uoregon.edu" <koch@uoregon.edu>\
Cc: Nicola Vitacolonna <nicola.vitacolonna@uniud.it>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Dear prof. Koch,\
I am using with great profit the ability of TeXShop to sync back and forth between an editor and TeXShop\'92s preview using SyncTeX. For LaTeX documents, that works flawlessly with the built-in editor and with external editors. Great!\
\
For ConTeXt documents, synchronization works perfectly *within* TeXShop;\
but, unfortunately, I have not been able to make it work, in either direction, using an external editor. I use the same scripts that work with LaTeX: /usr/local/bin/othereditor (for backward search) and the AppleScript script suggested in the Changes document (for forward search). Of course, the hidden preference OtherEditorSync is set to YES. I attach the scripts for reference.\
\
Attached you also find a minimal ConTeXt document for testing. If I open the document in TeXShop and typeset it with the \'93ConTeXt (LuaTeX)\'94 engine, I can then jump back and forth between the source and the preview. But if I configure TeXShop for an external editor, clicking on the preview does not jump to the external editor; in the opposite direction, the AppleScript script brings the document to the front, but does not jump to the searched spot.\
\
I am using TeX Live 2019 in macOS Catalina.\
\
Nicola\
\
\
\
}