{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf330
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12940\viewh14680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In TeXShop 2.16:\
\
\
1)	Added encodings ISOLatinGreek, MacCentralEurRoman, and WindowsLatin2 (i.e., WindowsCentralEurRoman).\
\
	The names of the encodings is the pulldown menu (in English) are\
\
		Greek (ISO 8859-7)\
		Mac Central European Roman\
		Central European (ISO Latin 2)\
		Central European Roman (Windows)\
\
	and the %!TEX encoding = *** abbreviations are\
\
		IsoLatinGreek\
		Mac Central European Roman\
		ISOLatin2\
		WindowsCentralEurRoman\
\
2) In\
\
	%!TEX encoding =\
	%!TEX root =\
	%!TEX TS-program =\
	%!TEX projectfile = \
\
allow a space between % and ! for better formatting, and to remove %! postscript ambiguity\
\
\
3) Added code by Adam Maxwell to permit BibDesk Completions; this is controlled by a Preference Setting\
\
\
4) Fixed French nib file so Typeset menu works again (so there are no longer simultaneous checks on "PdfTeX" and "TeX & Ghostscript")\
\
\
5) Fixed tab settings, so now changing tab spacing in preferences works correctly.\
\
\
6) Command-T now typesets even when the console window is active.\
\
7) Fixed pdf updating. If a user has an external editor and uses TeXShop to display pdf output, and if the "Automatic Preview Update" preference is set, then whenever the pdf file is updated, TeXShop reads and displays the latest version, activating the pdf window when it does so. There is a hidden preference item named "BringPdfFrontOnAutomaticUpdate". If this is set to "NO", then the preview window is supposed to be updated but not brought forward. Recently, the preview window did this, but didn't display the new content until the user manually activated it. This is fixed.\
\
8) There is a new hidden preference, "BringPdfFrontOnTypeset". The default value is YES. If this default is NO, then the preview window will be updated during typesetting, but will not be brought to the front.\
\
	defaults write TeXShop BringPdfFrontOnTypeset NO\
\
\
\
\
In TeXShop 2.17:\
\
1) Made the above preference visible. Under Typesetting, "After Typesetting" either Activate Preview or Continue Editing.\
\
2) }