{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11680\paperh11860
\pard\tx1440\tx2180\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\li1480\fi-20\qc

\f0\fs48 \cf0 TeXShop\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2180\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\li1480\fi-20\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 A small number of bugs have been detected since version 1.0d6 was\
released. These bugs were silently fixed in the program on my \
web site without making announcements or changing the version\
number. This document is a list of bugs which are fixed in the current\
program on my site.\
\
I've been joined by two programmers in Europe who are making\
substantial TeXShop improvements. We hope to release a joint version in\
about a month. That version will have a different version number and\
will be announced; of course these bug fixes will also be part of the new version.\
\
1) Undo works with the templates command\
\
2) Double clicking on a LEFT parenthesis chooses text between\
that parenthesis and its match\
\
3) In older versions, typing a ) would often choose text to\
the right of this symbol temporarily, producing a noticable flash on\
the screen. This could happen with any of ), ], \}, but  was more common\
with ). \
\
The problem is fixed. The fix involved replacing\
\
	 [textView setSelectedRange];\
\
with\
\
	[textView setSelectedRange: matchRange affinity: NSSelectByCharacter 	stillSelecting: YES];\
\
4) Older versions of TeXShop call pdftex, pdflatex, bibtex, and makeindex\
using a fully qualified path to the source file, even though the code\
set the directory for the task to be the directory containing this file.\
The new code just gives the name of the file. The old code would fail\
if ANY directory leading to the file had a name with a space. In particular,\
it would fail if the file was on a separate disk whose name had a space.\
The new version will work UNLESS the file name itself has a space. This\
last limitation is probably unavoidable because latex\
cannot accept files with spaces in their names, even if the entire name is\
quoted.\
\
5) (1/28/00):  When a right parenthesis was typed, the left parenthesis\
flashed too long, slowing down typing. I discovered this while typing a long\
document. If there was no matching parenthesis, the program\
searched back to the start of the document. Now the time of the flash\
has been halved, and the program only searches back 4000 characters.\
}
