{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12340\viewh11840\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2180\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\li1480\fi-20\qc

\f0\fs48 \cf0 TeXShop\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2180\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\li1480\fi-20\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 Version 1.0d1	Released July 23, 2000\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2180\tx2800\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\li1480\fi-20\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Version 1.0d2	Released August 31, 2000\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		In 1.0d1, if a character with ascii code larger than 127 was\
		added to a source file, the file could not be saved. 		Suppose a user opened the file ``try.tex'', typed additional\
		material, and inadvertently held down the option key while \
		typing a character. When the new version was typeset, the \
		system reported that ``try.tex'' no longer existed. In fact,\
		the old ``try.tex'' had been renamed ``try~.tex'' and additions\
		had not been saved. Fixed in 1.0d2, thanks to a detailed bug\
		report from Geoff Leyland.\
\
\
Version 1.0d3	Releasted October 7, 2000\
\
	This release is for the Public Beta release of OS X.\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		The public beta of OS X introduced the following bug: pushing \
		the Tex or  Latex button for the first time would save the file, \
		but not typeset it. This is due to a change made by Apple in the\
		NSDocument class. Fixed in this version.\
\
	New Feature:\
\
		The NSPDFImageRep class is not complete in the public\
		beta. It does not use embedded fonts or display embedded pdf \
		graphics. This version of TexShop has a preference item which\
		allows users to image pdf files using ghostscript rather than Apple's\
		pdf class. Ghostscript does use Tex fonts, and it shows embedded\
		jpg, but not pdf, images. (Note: I later discovered that my\
		ghostscript did not show pdf images because it was missing\
		the "fonts" folder. This is now fixed.)\
\
		This version still uses the Apple NSPDFImageRep class to\
		print, so documents with symbols or graphics will not print\
		correctly. A temporary workaround is to write the\
		document with TexShop and then open the pdftex output a\
		final time in Adobe Acrobat running under Classic and print \
		from that program. Another workaround is to typeset a final \
		time using the terminal program and tex or latex, and print the\
		dvi output file using dvips. \
\
\
Version 1.0d4	Released November 4, 2000\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		Previous versions saved tex source as 7-bit ascii code.\
		This version saves tex source as 8-bit ascii code. European \
		users requested this change because they use packages\
		which permit typing accented characters directly.\
		Such users should add the line\
\
			 \\usepackage[applemac]\{inputenc\}\
\
		to their source so pdflatex will correctly interprete the 8-bit\
		characters.\
\
	Additional Features:\
\
		Changed the name from TexShop to TeXShop, at the request of a\
		few folks.\
\
		Added tick marks to the magnification slider, and restricted its values\
		in ghostscript mode.\
\
		Allowed the program to open most files, not just files with extension\
		.tex. This makes it possible to examine log files, bib files,\
		etc. If a file's extension is not ".tex" or ".TEX", typesetting is\
		disabled. TeXShop can read files with many text formats, but always\
		writes them out as 8-bit ascii code, so it should not be used to\
		edit files which aren't related to tex.\
\
		Modified the interface; now there is only one typesetting\
		button. This was requested by a few users.\
\
		Added the ability to call Bibtex.\
\
		Changed the "goto line" command to make it select an entire line \
		so the selection is easily visible.\
\
		(November 18) Added the version of teTeX compiled in The \
		Netherlands for Mac OS X to my web page, and changed the help file\
		to refer to that version.\
\
\
Version 1.0d5	Released November 24, 2000\
\
	Additional Features:\
\
		Changed the help-file instructions to refer to versions of teTeX and \
		ghostscript compiled for MacOSX by Gerben Wierda. Wierda's version \
		of teTeX is built from the latest sources, is much easier to install, and \
		provides man pages. Thanks!\
\
		Added a French localization, constructed by Jerome Laurens. Thanks!\
\
		Added the ability to go directly to lines containing errors in the source.\
		TeXShop remembers the first twenty lines with errors. The command \
		Apple-E (and the equivalent menu command) brings up the source \
		window and cycles between these lines.\
\
\
Experimental Version	Released November 27, 2000\
\
	Additional Features:\
\
		Typing a \}, ), or ] briefly flashes the corresponding open parenthesis,\
		and double clicking on one of these symbols selects all text between\
		matching parentheses.\
\
		Added MakeIndex. \
\
\
Version 1.0d6	Released December 25, 2000\
\
	Additional Features:\
\
		Parenthesis matching and MakeIndex are now part of the official\
		release.\
\
		Opening graphic files (with extensions ".jpg", ".tiff", or ".pdf") displays\
		the graphics.\
\
		Added syntax coloring. This feature can be turned off in the\
		preferences menu.\
\
		Added tabs. A source line starting with the two characters "%:" is\
		interpreted as a tag and the remaining words on the line are entered\
		in the tag menu. Choosing a tag in this menu scrolls to the tag in\
		the source file.\
\
		Added a German localization by Keith J. Schultz.\
\
\
Version 1.0		Released March 24, 2001\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		The template command can now be undone.\
\
		Several syntax coloring bugs were fixed.\
\
		Parenthesis matching now works for left parentheses. Parenthesis\
		matching is snappier.\
\
	Additional Features:\
\
		Apple has fixed NSPDFImageRep! Consequently TeX fonts appear\
		in the output window and typeset documents can be printed directly\
		from TeXShop.\
\
		Apple has dramatically increased rendering speed.\
\
		The ghostscript option was removed because it is no longer needed.\
\
		TeXShop preferences are now saved using the Mac OS X "defaults\
		system." Because of this change, users must reset preferences the\
		first time the new version is run. The folder \
\
			~/Library/Preferences/TeXShop Prefs\
\
		created by the old version can be discarded.\
\
		Templates are now stored in ~/Library/TeXShop/Templates.\
\
		The magnification scroller at the bottom of the pdf page has been\
		replaced by a simple input box, giving more room for pdf text.\
\
		The template command can now be undone.\
\
		Several syntax coloring bugs were fixed.\
\
		Parenthesis matching now works for left parentheses. Parenthesis\
		matching is snappier.\
\
		The German localization is not complete because there wasn't\
		time to polish it before the release of OS X.\
\
\
Version 1.0 		April 7, 2001 \
\
		Without increasing the version number, I silently changed the\
		code on my web site:\
\
	Bugs Fixed: \
\
		Resizing the source window revealed strange words under the\
		buttons at the top.\
\
	Additional Features:\
\
		Added an Italian localization by Giuseppe Carlino.\
		\
\
Version 1.0 		April 29, 2001 \
\
		Without increasing the version number, I silently changed the\
		code on my web site:\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		The TeXShop menu now conforms to Mac OS X guidelines,\
		with menu commands to "Hide Others" and "Show All."\
\
		Control-1 now switches between the source window and the\
		associated pdf window.\
\
		Arrows appear beside the magnification box for rapid increases\
		and decreases in magnification. Thanks to Sven A. Schmidt for\
		suggesting this and sending code showing how it could be\
		done. \
\
		The tags menu uses a localized string and can be translated\
		into other languages.\
\
		A preference item allows users to configure the console window\
		so it only appears when there is a typesetting error. When\
		configured this way, the console is still visible behind other\
		windows and can be brought to the top with the Window menu.\
\
		Added a Dutch localization by Maarten Sneep.\
\
\
\
Version 1.1 		June 23, 2001 \
\
		At the suggestion of Sean Luke, added the option of typesetting\
		by using 
\f1\i tex
\f0\i0  or 
\f1\i latex
\f0\i0  to produce a dvi file, using 
\f1\i dvips
\f0\i0  to convert it\
		to a postscript file, and using 
\f1\i ps2pdf
\f0\i0  to convert this postscript to pdf.\
		The new option can process documents with included eps \
		illustrations without converting the illustrations to pdf.\
		Gerben Wierda constructed the final script, which is part of\
		his latest teTeX.\
\
		Changed preferences to interact with Gerben Wierda's new \
		compilation of teTeX; there is now a preference for the path to\
		teTeX binaries.\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		The previous version did not correctly indicate changes made to\
		tex source after saving to disk, so users could close the file without\
		being asked if they wanted to save changes. This is fixed.\
\
		The previous version did not allow users to save changes made to\
		any file except a tex source file. In particular, bibtex files could \
		not be saved. This is fixed.\
\
\
Version 1.11	July 6, 2001\
\
		Previous versions of TeXShop preserved vertical scroll position\
		in the output window when changing pages. The new version\
		scrolls, so the entire document can be read without using the\
		scroll bar by hitting "Next" over and over. The old behavior can\
		be chosen in Preferences.\
\
		After typesetting, users can select and copy messages from the  \
		console.\
\
		When TeXShop typesets using the TeX + Ghostscript option, it\
		constructs a temporary postscript file which is converted to\
		pdf format. A preference item has been added causing TeXShop\
		to retain this postscript file.\
\
		TeXShop files created by the new version have type "TEXT" so they \
		can be recognized by Carbon-based applications. This required \
		10 lines of Carbon code in an application which is otherwise \
		written in Cocoa.\
\
		A preference item allows users to decide whether TeXShop should\
		produce a blank page when it starts.\
\
\
Version 1.12	August 6, 2001\
\
		TeXShop can now open .dvi, .ps, and .eps files. Each is converted to\
		pdf format and the pdf file is saved and displayed. In particular,\
		.eps files are automatically converted to .pdf format when displayed.\
		The conversion process works for .eps files with unix line feeds 		or files with Macintosh line feeds. In particular, .eps files produced by\
		Mathematica will correctly convert to pdf format.\
\
		A major goal of this release of TeXShop and teTeX/ghostscript is to protect\
		the programs from X-windows software installed with fink. "Fink" is a program \
		available on the internet; it can be used to download X-windows software. \
		See http://fink.sourceforge.net. Fink installs programs in a new directory \
		named /sw/bin and adds this directory to the front of the PATH variable. \
		Consequently, if multiple copies of a program are available under MacOSX,\
		the fink version will be used.\
		     This causes trouble for TeXShop in two ways. First, fink provides\
		ghostscript 7 rather than ghostscript 6. But Apple's pdf drawing routines\
		have a bug and do not display fonts in pdf files created by ghostscript 7. \
		That is why the teTeX/ghostscript installer installs ghostscript 6. This bug\
		will eventually be fixed by Apple, but in the meantime TeXShop must call\
		ghostscript 6. \
		     Moreover, Fink provides a version of teTeX for use with lyx. This teTeX \
		is not configured in the same way as the teTeX provided with TeXShop.\
		It does not see user files installed in ~/Library/texmf, and does not contain \
		the altpdftex scripts. \
		     The new version of TeXShop protects against fink by calling the correct\
		versions of ghostscript and teTeX even if fink is installed. It will work with \
		previous copies of teTeX,  but for full protection, the new version of teTeX\
		should also be installed.\
		     If you install the fink version of teTeX, you should be aware that the\
		fink version will be used from the command line and the Gerben Wierda\
		version will be used from TeXShop. This is likely to be confusing. The Gerben \
		Wierda version should work fine with xdvi and other tools provided by fink,\
		so there is little reason to install the fink version of teTeX. \
\
		The new TeXShop has a way to save the typesetting method with each\
		source file so this method will be used regardless of preference or menu\
		settings. To make that happen, type one of the following as the first line\
		of the document.\
\
		%&tex, %&latex, %&pdftex, %&pdflatex, %&personaltex, %&personallatex\
\
		The first two commands select tex or latex + ghostscript, the second two\
 		select pdftex and pdflatex as configured in preferences, and the\
		final two select the personal script configured in preferences. \
			\
		Syntax coloring now colors the symbols $, \{, and \} dark green.\
		\
		The three syntax colors can be changed, although the preference\
		dialog does not contain entries for this change. Comment color\
		is controlled by "commentred, commentgreen, commentblue,"\
		command color is controlled by "commandred, commandgreen,\
		commandblue," and the color for "\{, \}, $" is controlled by "markerred,\
		markergreen, markerblue." The values of these variables are real\
		numbers between 0 and 1. For example, to make the marker colors\
		bright green, open a Terminal window and type the following\
		commands\
		\
		          defaults write TeXShop markerred 0.0\
\pard\tx560\tx1940\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li1040\ql\qnatural
\cf0 		          defaults write TeXShop markergreen 1.0\
		          defaults write TeXShop markerblue 0.0\
\
		It is now possible to add flags to the preference items for pdftex, pdflatex,		altpdftex, and altpdflatex.\
 \
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2180\tx2800\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\li1480\fi-20\ql\qnatural
\cf0 		A bug with printing for projects with a project root has been fixed.\
\
		A few memory leaks were fixed. \
\
		\
Version 1.13	October 1, 2001\
\
		ConTeXt is a general purpose TeX macro package by Hans Hagen;\
		for some, it will be a serious alternative to Latex. See 		www.ntg.nl/context/ for details. A useful introduction can be found in\
		the document "LaTeX in proper ConTeXt" available at\
		http://berend.gameren.nl/tex/. TeXShop now supports ConTeXt. \
		The support in TeXShop 1.13 will improve in later versions. \
\
		MetaPost is a MetaFont like system by John Hobby which can output \
		postscript. This package can be used to draw elaborate postscript\
		illustrations.  See http://cm.bell-labs.com/who/hobby/MetaPost.html.\
		Interesting MetaPost examples can be found at many web sites;\
		for instance http://www.cs.ucc.ie/~dongen/mpost/mpost.html.\
		TeXShop now supports MetaPost. This support will improve in later\
		versions of the program.\
\
		TeXShop now has the ability to temporarily comment out sections of \
		source text, as suggested by Gary Gray. If text has been selected and the\
		menu item "Comment" is chosen, comment symbols will be added to the \
		first position of each line of selected text. Similarly if text if selected and  \
		the "Uncomment" menu command is selected, comment symbols will be\
		removed from the first position of each line of selected text.\
\
		TeXShop can indent sections of source text, using the comment\
		syntax just described.\
\
		TeXShop comes with a Spanish localization by Juan L. Varona. Thanks!\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		The English and Italian versions of the pdf window had the pdf\
		display too far to the left, cutting off the left margin and left scroll arrow.\
		This is fixed.\
\
		In previous versions, TeXShop could open pdf, eps, tif, dvi, and ps\
		files, but could not print these files. Now it can print them.\
\
		The magnify button only worked once in system 10.1; using it more than\
		once froze the display. This is fixed. \
\
		If the console window was hidden and bibtex was run on a file which\
		contained an error, then bringing the console window forward crashed TeXShop.\
		This is fixed.\
\
	Information:\
\
		After upgrading, you should be able to open a tex source file by double\
		clicking on the file. If that does not happen, select a tex source file in the\
		Finder and then choose the menu item "Show Info." In the pull-down menu\
		select "Open With Application."  In the top part of the resulting panel, click\
		the icon and navigate to the copy of TeXShop in /Applications. Choose\
		this copy and then push the "Change all" button at the bottom of the panel.\
\
		At this moment, the icon associated with the tex source file may vanish. If\
		that happens, log out and back in again and everything will be fine. \
\
\
Version 1.13b and 1.13c		December 12, 2002\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
		\
		[GW] Fixed setting of path before running commands. Automatically creating \
		missing fonts now.\
		\
		[GW] Project root is now really relative\
\
		[GW] Script settings are now retrieved from the stored defaults\
\
\
Version 1.14		January 27, 2002\
\
		TeXShop now has a panel of common Latex symbols and commands;\
		clicking on a symbol in the panel inserts the corresponding text into the source\
		document. The panel can be displayed using an item in the Windows menu\
		or a corresponding key stroke.  This wonderful panel is entirely the work of \
		Geoffroy Lenglin, who just finished a masters degree in Aeronautics and \
		Astronautics at MIT.  Geoffroy can be reached at geoffroy.lenglin@m4x.org.\
\
		A few symbols in the panel require that appropriate packages by loaded\
		in the tex source file. For instance, the blackboard bold characters \
		require the line \\usepackage\{amssymb\}. This line is in the latest Latex\
		template, but the new template will not replace the old one if you already\
		use TeXShop. See a related remark below.\
\
		There is a special default, not exposed in the Preferences panel, which\
		slightly alters the appearance of the panel. Currently items are outlined\
		as the mouse passes over them. To remove this behavior, type the following\
		line in the Terminal application. Change NO to YES to revert to the default\
		behavior.\
\
			defaults write texshop LPanelOutlines NO\
\
		TeXShop can load and save files in Iso Latin format, using code\
		from Martin Heusse. This encoding can be chosen with a preference item; \
		the previous encoding, Mac OS Roman, remains the default. Iso Latin \
		encoding makes it possible to type accented characters directly into the\
		source file if certain packages are included with the tex source.  Thanks \
		also to Mats Weber for reinforcing the need for this change and providing \
		alternate coding.\
\
		The TeXShop editor remembers tab indents. If a line starts with\
		several tabs, the following lines will also start with these tabs until\
		they are canceled. This change is entirely due to Nicol\'87s Ojeda B\'8ar in\
		Argentina, whose email address is lojedaortiz@interlink.com.ar. Ojeda B\'8ar sent\
		two short, elegant procedures which were simply plugged in to the \
		TeXShop code. Ojeda B\'8ar writes that he is just finishing high school. \
		He has a bright programming future! Thanks.\
\
		TeXShop automatically adds \\section and \\chapter entries to the tab menu,\
		as suggested by several folks on the tex mailing list. There is a preference\
		to turn this feature off, but the preference has no graphical interface. To\
		turn it off, start terminal and type\
\
			defaults write texshop TagSections NO\
\
		Change "NO" to "YES" to turn the feature back on.\
\
		This version has improvements in the Spanish localization by Juan L. Varona,\
		improvements in the Italian localization by Giuseppe Carlino, improvements\
		in the German localization by Martin Kerz, and a new Portuguese \
		localization by Paulo T. Abreu.\
\
		The LatexTemplate has been dramatically simplified. The graphicx\
		package now automatically changes behavior when it\
		is called by pdftex rather than tex. When TeXShop is upgraded, it\
		will not replace the old copy of the template in ~/Library with the new\
		one because the user may have edited this template. But the TeXShop \
		folder in this release contains a copy of the new template; users may \
		wish to open ~/Library/TeXShop/Templates/LatexTemplate in\
		TeXShop and revise their old template.\
 \
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		Saved documents again have type TEXT. This feature broke with system \
		10.1. The bug fix requires new Apple code which comes with system\
		10.1, so TeXShop now requires system 10.1 or higher.\
		\
		In previous versions of TeXShop, when a user typeset a document, came to\
		an error, fixed the error, and then typeset again without completing the\
		previous job, an extra folder was left in the /tmp directory. When typesetting was\
		done by pdftex or pdflatex, this folder contained a complete copy of the source\
		file. When typesetting was done by tex + ghostscript or latex + ghostscript,\
		the folder contained smaller files. Every time a typesetting job was \
		interrupted, a new folder was created in /tmp. These folders were not removed \
		until the user rebooted the machine. \
\
		This important bug is really two bugs, one for pdftex and pdflatex and another\
		for tex + ghostscript and latex + ghostscript. The bugs are fixed in TeXShop 1.14. \
		The tex/latex + ghostscript portion of the bug fix requires a new\
		altpdftex script, contained in the Gerben Wierda's teTeX release of\
		January 24, 2002. TeXShop will work with earlier Wierda releases, but then\
		the latex + ghostscript bug won't be fixed.\
\
		\
Version 1.15		February 7, 2002\
\
		A new menu item enables spell checking as you type. The initial setting \
		of this menu is determined by a preference item, but the\
		setting can later be toggled. This change was prompted by the release of\
		the Unix spell checker Aspell for Mac OS X. This spell checker, by Kevin\
		Atkinson, is "a more intelligent Ispell." It was ported to Mac OS X by \
		Anton Leuski and converted into a spelling service. The spell checker \
		has a Latex filter, and so becomes the long-awaited "cocoa spell checker \
		for TeX." To obtain the spell checker, which is free, go to\
		http://homepage.mac.com/leuski/cocoaspell/ \
\
		The English version of the help file has been expanded. In particular, \
		operation of MetaPost is explained more clearly. These changes will eventually \
		appear in Internationalized versions of the help file.\
\
		The Latex Panel has been polished. For example, it is now \
		possible to select a section of text and then choose the typeface Emph; braces \
		will be placed around the selected text. The cursor is also placed more carefully \
		when items are inserted from the panel. \
\
		The elegant code for this change was written by Max Horn. Each palette\
		item is represented by a string in the file "completion.plist." This string will\
		be inserted into the source when the Palette item is chosen. Horn's code\
		allows the completion.plist string to contain #SEL#; each such occurance\
		is replaced by the current selection when the string is inserted. Similarly if\
		the completion.plist string contains #INS#, this will become the cursor\
		position when the string is inserted.\
\
		As soon as Geoff Lenglin heard of this code, he modified completion.plist\
		to take advantage of it. Other errors in completion.plist were fixed.\
\
		It is now possible to customize completion.plist. Recall that TeXShop adds\
		a folder ~/Library/TeXShop/Templates to the user Library for templates. If this\
		folder contains a folder ~/Library/TeXShop/LatexPanel containing a\
		completion.plist file, then this file will be used instead of the default file in\
		the TeXShop bundle. \
\
		Subsections and subsubsections are now added to the tags menu automatically.\
\
		TeXShop now has the option of loading and saving files using the\
		MacJapanese encoding. This change is due to Makoto Inoue, and makes\
		TeXShop compatible with the Japanese versions of TeX and LaTeX called ptex\
		and platex, available at ftp://ftp.ascii.co.jp/pub/TeX/ascii-ptex/.\
		 \
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		If a user edited a file, closed it, and chose not to save the changes, the \
		associated pdf window might not close, leading to a crash at some later time. \
		This is fixed.\
		\
		Some panel entries like \\item inserted strings containing the illegal\
		character 0x007f. This is fixed.\
\
\
		\
Version 1.16		March 1, 2002\
\
		TeXShop can process .ins and .dtx files. Thanks to Niccola\
		Vitacolonna for suggesting this addition.\
\
		TeXShop has configurable toolbars. This is entirely the work of\
		Anton Leuski, who send code and nib files implementing the change.\
		Thanks for this crucial addition!\
\
		TeXShop supports Applescript. This is also the work of Anton\
		Leuski. Applescript support will improve gradually over the new few\
		versions of TeXShop.\
\
		TeXShop can rotate the pdf image for previewing. This is necessary \
		for certain slide packages. Thanks to Robert Love for requesting\
		this change (several times!).\
\
		The arrow keys now work in the preview window. The left arrow\
		gives the previous page, the home key gives the first page, the up arrow\
		scrolls upward a couple of lines, etc. Thanks to Hanspeter Schaub for\
		this suggestion. \
\
		Finally, TeXShop can be configured for an external editor. There is\
		a new menu item named "Open for Preview..." When this item is\
		chosen, the user is asked to select a tex source file. But only the\
		associated pdf preview window opens (if the source has not yet been\
		typeset, this preview window will be blank). Thanks to Leuski's toolbars,\
		the preview window can be configured to contain a typesetting button. \
		Users can open their source file in any editor. When it is time to typeset, they\
		save the changes in their editor, switch to the preview window,\
		and typeset. In this mode, TeXShop itself never opens or modifies the\
		source file. It simply passes this file to the Unix TeX or LaTeX process.\
\
		For users who prefer external editors most of the time, there is a new \
		preference item called "Configure for External Editor."\
		When this preference is chosen, the "Open" and "Open Recent..."\
		menus open tex source files in the above manner for editing with\
		an external editor. Moreover, the  "Open for Preview..." menu \
		becomes "Open for Editing..." and opens the source file in \
		TeXShop's internal editor for those rare occasions when the internal\
		editor is desired. Recall that the "Open" and "Open Recent..."\
		menus can also open jpg, tiff, ps, pdf, dvi, log, and other files; selecting\
		the new preference does not change this behavior.\
\
		Applescript support for the "external editor option" is still weak; it\
		will improve in the next version, making it possible to typeset entirely\
		from within an applescript-capable editor.\
		 \
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		The encoding preference was broken in some internationalized versions\
		due to a missing tag. This was silently fixed in 1.15 and now officially fixed.\
		Thanks to Juan Luis Varona Malumbres for pointing it out.\
\
		Small changes were made in the Italian localization, as suggested by\
		Nicola Vitacolonna.\
\
		If the source document has serious errors, LaTeX may become confused and\
		generate a defective pdf file. Obviously TeXShop cannot display this\
		faulty preview image. But in past versions, TeXShop would then refuse\
		to preview the document after the errors had been corrected. The\
		document would have to be closed and reopened or TeXShop would\
		have to be restarted. This bug is now fixed. Thanks to my colleague \
		Jim Isenberg for complaining loudly.\
\
		While supplying the Spanish translation for TeXShop 1.16, Juan Luis Varona \
		Malumbres gave an alternate translation of the phrase "File format" in the\
		save dialog. However, we provided no such phrase. We investigated where\
		it came from, and it turns out that Apple automatically added an item to\
		the save dialog allowing users to choose between the extensions "tex,"\
		"ins," and "dtx." That is because TeXShop now declares that it is an \
		EDITOR of ins and dtx files. So we made TeXShop an editor of bib files \
		as well and now users can create a bib file from scratch and give it the \
		extension "bib" without going into the Finder. This fixes an earlier bug.\
\
Version 1.17		March 8, 2002\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		Previously, TeXShop could occasionally crash the first time the user pushed \
		the RETURN key after opening a new document. The problem is fixed.\
		Thanks to Nicolas Boccard for reporting the bug and sending a crash log. \
\
		In the "Engine" Preferences for "TeX + dvips + distiller", the defaults are now\
		set to\
\
			altpdftex  --dvipsopts "-Ppdf"\
\
		and\
\
			altpdflatex  --dvipsopts "-Ppdf"\
\
		rather than just "altpdftex" and "altpdflatex". Old users should change these\
		preferences by hand to obtain best results with the TeX + Ghostscript\
		typesetting option.\
\
		There are two Cocoa bugs that users must fix themselves by making slight\
		adjustments in window size:\
\
		 If the bottom of the editing window is slightly below the toolbar or slightly \
		below the bottom of the screen, Cocoa will not automatically scroll \
		the window when text is being selected. Resize the window slightly. If\
		new windows are positioned to make this problem occur always, reset the\
		initial window position in Preferences.\
\
		If a window refuses to be dragged down so portions lie behind the toolbar\
		and instead always snaps back to its original position,  resize the window \
		slightly and try again. If new windows are positioned to make this problem\
		occur always, reset the initial window position in Preferences.\
\
Version 1.18		March 18, 2002\
\
		TeXShop now has the option of loading and saving files using the\
		MacKorean encoding.\
\
		In version 1.17, the default script for tex + ghostscript was changed\
		from "altpdftex" to "altpdftex --dvipsopts "-Ppdf". But Gerben Wierda informs\
		me that a better default would be\
\
		     altpdftex --dvipsopts "-u +pdftex.map -u +Ttbbold.map -u +wolfram.map"\
\
		and a better default for latex + ghostscript would be\
\
		     altpdflatex --dvipsopts "-u +pdftex.map -u +Ttbbold.map -u +wolfram.map"\
\
		TeXShop now uses these defaults. Since new versions do not change\
		already chosen preferences, old users should change these\
		preferences by hand to obtain best results with the TeX + Ghostscript\
		typesetting option.\
		\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		A bug introduced in 1.16 caused the tag code to occasionally output\
		a huge number of error messages to the system log. A few users ran\
		out of memory and had to reboot. Version 1.18 was released mainly \
		to cure this bug. Thanks to Stuart Midgley for the error report. \
\
Version 1.19		March 30, 2002\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		If the user modifies settings in the Page Setup dialog, sources files are\
		marked as changed. Then when TeXShop quits, it puts up a dialog asking\
		if the changes should be saved. In previous versions, this dialog appeared\
		even if an external editor was being used, but in that case TeXShop did \
		not know the contents of the source file and replaced it with an empty file.\
		This important error was reported by Nelson Byrne and is fixed.\
\
		Changes were made in the Dutch and Portuguese localizations. \
\
Version 1.20		August 26, 2002\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		The syntax coloring code was changed to make the program responsive\
		under Jaguar. This is a preliminary fix; further changes will be made soon.\
\
Version 1.21		November 8, 2002\
\
		Default preferences for altpdftex and altpdflatex were changed to be compatible \
		with Gerben Wierda's latest distribution of TeX.\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		The syntax coloring code was changed for Jaguar. When a document is first\
		opened, TeXShop must syntax color everything. This can be done in two\
		ways: the document can be colored before its window opens, or the window\
		can be opened and then the syntax coloring can be applied gradually\
		as a background task.  Earlier versions of TeXShop used the second 		approach.  But in Jaguar, coloring in the background is dramatically slower than 		coloring before the document opens, so version 1.21 colors first. \
		Documents may take slightly longer to open, but the program should be\
		responsive as soon as they open. If users find this delay annoying, please\
		write me.				\
		\
\
		}