{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12340\viewh11840\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2180\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\li1480\fi-20\qc

\f0\fs48 \cf0 TeXShop\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2180\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\li1480\fi-20\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 Version 1.0d1	Released July 23, 2000\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2180\tx2800\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\li1480\fi-20\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Version 1.0d2	Released August 31, 2000\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		In 1.0d1, if a character with ascii code larger than 127 was\
		added to a source file, the file could not be saved. 		Suppose a user opened the file ``try.tex'', typed additional\
		material, and inadvertently held down the option key while \
		typing a character. When the new version was typeset, the \
		system reported that ``try.tex'' no longer existed. In fact,\
		the old ``try.tex'' had been renamed ``try~.tex'' and additions\
		had not been saved. Fixed in 1.0d2, thanks to a detailed bug\
		report from Geoff Leyland.\
\
\
Version 1.0d3	Releasted October 7, 2000\
\
	This release is for the Public Beta release of OS X.\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		The public beta of OS X introduced the following bug: pushing \
		the Tex or  Latex button for the first time would save the file, \
		but not typeset it. This is due to a change made by Apple in the\
		NSDocument class. Fixed in this version.\
\
	New Feature:\
\
		The NSPDFImageRep class is not complete in the public\
		beta. It does not use embedded fonts or display embedded pdf \
		graphics. This version of TexShop has a preference item which\
		allows users to image pdf files using ghostscript rather than Apple's\
		pdf class. Ghostscript does use Tex fonts, and it shows embedded\
		jpg, but not pdf, images. (Note: I later discovered that my\
		ghostscript did not show pdf images because it was missing\
		the "fonts" folder. This is now fixed.)\
\
		This version still uses the Apple NSPDFImageRep class to\
		print, so documents with symbols or graphics will not print\
		correctly. A temporary workaround is to write the\
		document with TexShop and then open the pdftex output a\
		final time in Adobe Acrobat running under Classic and print \
		from that program. Another workaround is to typeset a final \
		time using the terminal program and tex or latex, and print the\
		dvi output file using dvips. \
\
\
Version 1.0d4	Released November 4, 2000\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		Previous versions saved tex source as 7-bit ascii code.\
		This version saves tex source as 8-bit ascii code. European \
		users requested this change because they use packages\
		which permit typing accented characters directly.\
		Such users should add the line\
\
			 \\usepackage[applemac]\{inputenc\}\
\
		to their source so pdflatex will correctly interprete the 8-bit\
		characters.\
\
	Additional Features:\
\
		Changed the name from TexShop to TeXShop, at the request of a\
		few folks.\
\
		Added tick marks to the magnification slider, and restricted its values\
		in ghostscript mode.\
\
		Allowed the program to open most files, not just files with extension\
		.tex. This makes it possible to examine log files, bib files,\
		etc. If a file's extension is not ".tex" or ".TEX", typesetting is\
		disabled. TeXShop can read files with many text formats, but always\
		writes them out as 8-bit ascii code, so it should not be used to\
		edit files which aren't related to tex.\
\
		Modified the interface; now there is only one typesetting\
		button. This was requested by a few users.\
\
		Added the ability to call Bibtex.\
\
		Changed the "goto line" command to make it select an entire line \
		so the selection is easily visible.\
\
		(November 18) Added the version of teTeX compiled in The \
		Netherlands for Mac OS X to my web page, and changed the help file\
		to refer to that version.\
\
\
Version 1.0d5	Released November 24, 2000\
\
	Additional Features:\
\
		Changed the help-file instructions to refer to versions of teTeX and \
		ghostscript compiled for MacOSX by Gerben Wierda. Wierda's version \
		of teTeX is built from the latest sources, is much easier to install, and \
		provides man pages. Thanks!\
\
		Added a French localization, constructed by Jerome Laurens. Thanks!\
\
		Added the ability to go directly to lines containing errors in the source.\
		TeXShop remembers the first twenty lines with errors. The command \
		Apple-E (and the equivalent menu command) brings up the source \
		window and cycles between these lines.\
\
\
Experimental Version	Released November 27, 2000\
\
	Additional Features:\
\
		Typing a \}, ), or ] briefly flashes the corresponding open parenthesis,\
		and double clicking on one of these symbols selects all text between\
		matching parentheses.\
\
		Added MakeIndex. \
\
\
Version 1.0d6	Released December 25, 2000\
\
	Additional Features:\
\
		Parenthesis matching and MakeIndex are now part of the official\
		release.\
\
		Opening graphic files (with extensions ".jpg", ".tiff", or ".pdf") displays\
		the graphics.\
\
		Added syntax coloring. This feature can be turned off in the\
		preferences menu.\
\
		Added tabs. A source line starting with the two characters "%:" is\
		interpreted as a tag and the remaining words on the line are entered\
		in the tag menu. Choosing a tag in this menu scrolls to the tag in\
		the source file.\
\
		Added a German localization by Keith J. Schultz.\
\
\
Version 1.0		Released March 24, 2001\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		The template command can now be undone.\
\
		Several syntax coloring bugs were fixed.\
\
		Parenthesis matching now works for left parentheses. Parenthesis\
		matching is snappier.\
\
	Additional Features:\
\
		Apple has fixed NSPDFImageRep! Consequently TeX fonts appear\
		in the output window and typeset documents can be printed directly\
		from TeXShop.\
\
		Apple has dramatically increased rendering speed.\
\
		The ghostscript option was removed because it is no longer needed.\
\
		TeXShop preferences are now saved using the Mac OS X "defaults\
		system." Because of this change, users must reset preferences the\
		first time the new version is run. The folder \
\
			~/Library/Preferences/TeXShop Prefs\
\
		created by the old version can be discarded.\
\
		Templates are now stored in ~/Library/TeXShop/Templates.\
\
		The magnification scroller at the bottom of the pdf page has been\
		replaced by a simple input box, giving more room for pdf text.\
\
		The template command can now be undone.\
\
		Several syntax coloring bugs were fixed.\
\
		Parenthesis matching now works for left parentheses. Parenthesis\
		matching is snappier.\
\
		The German localization is not complete because there wasn't\
		time to polish it before the release of OS X.\
\
\
Version 1.0 		April 7, 2001 \
\
		Without increasing the version number, I silently changed the\
		code on my web site:\
\
	Bugs Fixed: \
\
		Resizing the source window revealed strange words under the\
		buttons at the top.\
\
	Additional Features:\
\
		Added an Italian localization by Giuseppe Carlino.\
		\
\
Version 1.0 		April 29, 2001 \
\
		Without increasing the version number, I silently changed the\
		code on my web site:\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		The TeXShop menu now conforms to Mac OS X guidelines,\
		with menu commands to "Hide Others" and "Show All."\
\
		Control-1 now switches between the source window and the\
		associated pdf window.\
\
		Arrows appear beside the magnification box for rapid increases\
		and decreases in magnification. Thanks to Sven A. Schmidt for\
		suggesting this and sending code showing how it could be\
		done. \
\
		The tags menu uses a localized string and can be translated\
		into other languages.\
\
		A preference item allows users to configure the console window\
		so it only appears when there is a typesetting error. When\
		configured this way, the console is still visible behind other\
		windows and can be brought to the top with the Window menu.\
\
		Added a Dutch localization by Maarten Sneep.\
\
\
\
Version 1.1 		June 23, 2001 \
\
		At the suggestion of Sean Luke, added the option of typesetting\
		by using 
\f1\i tex
\f0\i0  or 
\f1\i latex
\f0\i0  to produce a dvi file, using 
\f1\i dvips
\f0\i0  to convert it\
		to a postscript file, and using 
\f1\i ps2pdf
\f0\i0  to convert this postscript to pdf.\
		The new option can process documents with included eps \
		illustrations without converting the illustrations to pdf.\
		Gerben Wierda constructed the final script, which is part of\
		his latest teTeX.\
\
		Changed preferences to interact with Gerben Wierda's new \
		compilation of teTeX; there is now a preference for the path to\
		teTeX binaries.\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		The previous version did not correctly indicate changes made to\
		tex source after saving to disk, so users could close the file without\
		being asked if they wanted to save changes. This is fixed.\
\
		The previous version did not allow users to save changes made to\
		any file except a tex source file. In particular, bibtex files could \
		not be saved. This is fixed.\
\
\
Version 1.11	July 6, 2001\
\
		Previous versions of TeXShop preserved vertical scroll position\
		in the output window when changing pages. The new version\
		scrolls, so the entire document can be read without using the\
		scroll bar by hitting "Next" over and over. The old behavior can\
		be chosen in Preferences.\
\
		After typesetting, users can select and copy messages from the  \
		console.\
\
		When TeXShop typesets using the TeX + Ghostscript option, it\
		constructs a temporary postscript file which is converted to\
		pdf format. A preference item has been added causing TeXShop\
		to retain this postscript file.\
\
		TeXShop files created by the new version have type "TEXT" so they \
		can be recognized by Carbon-based applications. This required \
		10 lines of Carbon code in an application which is otherwise \
		written in Cocoa.\
\
		A preference item allows users to decide whether TeXShop should\
		produce a blank page when it starts.\
\
\
Version 1.12	August 6, 2001\
\
		TeXShop can now open .dvi, .ps, and .eps files. Each is converted to\
		pdf format and the pdf file is saved and displayed. In particular,\
		.eps files are automatically converted to .pdf format when displayed.\
		The conversion process works for .eps files with unix line feeds 		or files with Macintosh line feeds. In particular, .eps files produced by\
		Mathematica will correctly convert to pdf format.\
\
		A major goal of this release of TeXShop and teTeX/ghostscript is to protect\
		the programs from X-windows software installed with fink. "Fink" is a program \
		available on the internet; it can be used to download X-windows software. \
		See http://fink.sourceforge.net. Fink installs programs in a new directory \
		named /sw/bin and adds this directory to the front of the PATH variable. \
		Consequently, if multiple copies of a program are available under MacOSX,\
		the fink version will be used.\
		     This causes trouble for TeXShop in two ways. First, fink provides\
		ghostscript 7 rather than ghostscript 6. But Apple's pdf drawing routines\
		have a bug and do not display fonts in pdf files created by ghostscript 7. \
		That is why the teTeX/ghostscript installer installs ghostscript 6. This bug\
		will eventually be fixed by Apple, but in the meantime TeXShop must call\
		ghostscript 6. \
		     Moreover, Fink provides a version of teTeX for use with lyx. This teTeX \
		is not configured in the same way as the teTeX provided with TeXShop.\
		It does not see user files installed in ~/Library/texmf, and does not contain \
		the altpdftex scripts. \
		     The new version of TeXShop protects against fink by calling the correct\
		versions of ghostscript and teTeX even if fink is installed. It will work with \
		previous copies of teTeX,  but for full protection, the new version of teTeX\
		should also be installed.\
		     If you install the fink version of teTeX, you should be aware that the\
		fink version will be used from the command line and the Gerben Wierda\
		version will be used from TeXShop. This is likely to be confusing. The Gerben \
		Wierda version should work fine with xdvi and other tools provided by fink,\
		so there is little reason to install the fink version of teTeX. \
\
		The new TeXShop has a way to save the typesetting method with each\
		source file so this method will be used regardless of preference or menu\
		settings. To make that happen, type one of the following as the first line\
		of the document.\
\
		%&tex, %&latex, %&pdftex, %&pdflatex, %&personaltex, %&personallatex\
\
		The first two commands select tex or latex + ghostscript, the second two\
 		select pdftex and pdflatex as configured in preferences, and the\
		final two select the personal script configured in preferences. \
			\
		Syntax coloring now colors the symbols $, \{, and \} dark green.\
		\
		The three syntax colors can be changed, although the preference\
		dialog does not contain entries for this change. Comment color\
		is controlled by "commentred, commentgreen, commentblue,"\
		command color is controlled by "commandred, commandgreen,\
		commandblue," and the color for "\{, \}, $" is controlled by "markerred,\
		markergreen, markerblue." The values of these variables are real\
		numbers between 0 and 1. For example, to make the marker colors\
		bright green, open a Terminal window and type the following\
		commands\
		\
		          defaults write TeXShop markerred 0.0\
\pard\tx560\tx1940\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li1040\ql\qnatural
\cf0 		          defaults write TeXShop markergreen 1.0\
		          defaults write TeXShop markerblue 0.0\
\
		It is now possible to add flags to the preference items for pdftex, pdflatex,		altpdftex, and altpdflatex.\
 \
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2180\tx2800\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\li1480\fi-20\ql\qnatural
\cf0 		A bug with printing for projects with a project root has been fixed.\
\
		A few memory leaks were fixed. \
\
		\
Version 1.13	October 1, 2001\
\
		ConTeXt is a general purpose TeX macro package by Hans Hagen;\
		for some, it will be a serious alternative to Latex. See 		www.ntg.nl/context/ for details. A useful introduction can be found in\
		the document "LaTeX in proper ConTeXt" available at\
		http://berend.gameren.nl/tex/. TeXShop now supports ConTeXt. \
		The support in TeXShop 1.13 will improve in later versions. \
\
		MetaPost is a MetaFont like system by John Hobby which can output \
		postscript. This package can be used to draw elaborate postscript\
		illustrations.  See http://cm.bell-labs.com/who/hobby/MetaPost.html.\
		Interesting MetaPost examples can be found at many web sites;\
		for instance http://www.cs.ucc.ie/~dongen/mpost/mpost.html.\
		TeXShop now supports MetaPost. This support will improve in later\
		versions of the program.\
\
		TeXShop now has the ability to temporarily comment out sections of \
		source text, as suggested by Gary Gray. If text has been selected and the\
		menu item "Comment" is chosen, comment symbols will be added to the \
		first position of each line of selected text. Similarly if text if selected and  \
		the "Uncomment" menu command is selected, comment symbols will be\
		removed from the first position of each line of selected text.\
\
		TeXShop can indent sections of source text, using the comment\
		syntax just described.\
\
		TeXShop comes with a Spanish localization by Juan L. Varona. Thanks!\
\
	Bugs Fixed:\
\
		The English and Italian versions of the pdf window had the pdf\
		display too far to the left, cutting off the left margin and left scroll arrow.\
		This is fixed.\
\
		In previous versions, TeXShop could open pdf, eps, tif, dvi, and ps\
		files, but could not print these files. Now it can print them.\
\
		The magnify button only worked once in system 10.1; using it more than\
		once froze the display. This is fixed. \
\
		If the console window was hidden and bibtex was run on a file which\
		contained an error, then bringing the console window forward crashed TeXShop.\
		This is fixed.\
\
	Information:\
\
		After upgrading, you should be able to open a tex source file by double\
		clicking on the file. If that does not happen, select a tex source file in the\
		Finder and then choose the menu item "Show Info." In the pull-down menu\
		select "Open With Application."  In the top part of the resulting panel, click\
		the icon and navigate to the copy of TeXShop in /Applications. Choose\
		this copy and then push the "Change all" button at the bottom of the panel.\
\
		At this moment, the icon associated with the tex source file may vanish. If\
		that happens, log out and back in again and everything will be fine. \
		\
\
\
	\
		\
\
		\
}