{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoascreenfonts1\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18980\viewh15440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) Fixes a bug reported by Hans Schoutens. If a document has more than 1000 pages, the Page Number box displays\
this number with a comma. So 1,253. If a user then tries to change the number be editing it, for example changing 53 to 61,\
this fails. Instead, the entire new number needs to be typed without any commas, so 1261. This bug is now fixed.\
\
2) This version also fixes a bug reported by Juan Luis Varona Malumbres. For some time, at least since version 5.18,\
and perhaps even earlier, the preference setting "Automatic UTF-8-Mac to UTF-8 Conversion" has not worked. This\
was caused by a bad copy and paste in TSPreferences.m, so the routine which handled the appropriate checkmark\
ended not with the last appropriate line of code, but instead with irrelevant code for setting the console font copied\
there by mistake. This is fixed.\
\
3) This version now also improves Hans Schouten's fix 1). It turns out that macOS, in the Language and Region\
preference, allows users to choose between four number formats:\
\
	1,234,567.89\
	1.234.567,89\
	1 234 567.89\
	1 234 567,89\
\
The fix now removes all commas AND periods from the page number box before going to the page requested\
by the user. Note that we assume that users won't choose a page with a decimal point, like page 2.34.\
\
4) Satisfies a request by Peter Smith. If the Experiment window is open, command-T typesets it rather than\
the entire document.\
\
5) Alan C. Bowen pointed out that the PageNumber box applies in ConTeXt if the following string is used:\
\
	\\write128\{Start of main material: \\the\\realpageno\}\
\
6) The "Show Log File" page now has an item named "errors" to display all errors listed in the log file.\
\
7) Now can read and output .adoc files. (538)\
\
8) New Annotation Features, to be completed and described later. (I checked that the current code has all\
earlier corrections listed above.)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}