{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Doug McKenna <doug@mathemaesthetics.com>\
Subject: Problem with TeXShop and file synchronization\
Date: May 13, 2020 at 11:49:11 AM PDT\
To: koch <koch@uoregon.edu>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Dick -\
\
This is a bug report for TeXShop (I'm using v.4.44, but it's something that's been causing me problems for a while).\
\
For background, here is my workflow (I'm on MacOS 10.14, but it may not matter):\
\
I launch TeXShop, and open up a file MyCode.tex in TeXShop's editor. \'a0It runs the typesetting job fine.\
\
I edit my C code in the file MyCode.c in XCode. \'a0I run the program from the IDE to test (which does an implicit Save on the source code file), and then edit some more. \'a0Sometimes I just do a Save. \'a0Doesn't matter; the point is that the file MyCode.c is up-to-date on disk.\
\
The source in MyCode.c is commented to support my own literate programming/documentation system, called literac, which is a CLI program wrapped in a GUI interface.\
\
While TeXShop remains running, I switch over to or launch literac, which has a selected job pertaining to MyCode.c. \'a0I run the selected MyCode job. \'a0This converts the source code in MyCode.c to a LaTeX file on disk, MyCode.tex. \'a0This is *the same file* that TeXShop has open for editing.\
\
TeXShop is notified (I assume) by the system that there has been a modification change to MyCode.tex on disk. \'a0TeXShop's editor reacts by redisplaying the TeX code in the file.\
\
I then hit Run in TeXShop, and it does the typesetting job successfully, and whatever change I made in the original MyCode.c file is reflected in the new MyCode.pdf file that TeXShop creates and displays for me.\
\
Everything seems to be in sync, as this cycle repeats numerous times, until I try searching for something in the TeXShop editor. \'a0The search generally fails. \'a0Upon inspection, it turns out that the editor, during the resynchronization after the modification notification, is now only showing an initial portion of the text in MyCode.tex. \'a0I copied this initial portion to another file, saved it, and the system reported that the amount of text was *exactly* 20,480 bytes (20KB), which strikes me as very suspicious. \'a0If I close the TeXShop editor window, and then re-open the file, the entire file opens. \'a0There is an issue of lazily reading large TeX file contents, and perhaps that's related to the 20KB chunk.\
\
In any case, something's going wrong here, and it's confusing because the typesetting job on the modified MyCode.tex file works correctly, even though the editor is displaying something incomplete and definitely changed. \'a0So the typesetting job is apparently using the MyCode.tex file on disk, rather than the allegedly updated but actually truncated TeX code in the editor. \'a0But sometimes (and I'm not sure when yet) the truncated code is used, in which case, there's always some confusing TeX error message issued and the job halts prematurely.\
\
Anyway, something to put on your To Do list.\
\
Thanks.\
\
Doug McKenna\
Mathemaesthetics, Inc.\
}