{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10020\viewh11660\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \
About the Inactive Folder\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs26 \cf0 This folder contains extra engines that are likely to be useful for experienced users but confusing for a beginner.\
\
A large LaTeX document with a bibliography, indices, etc., must be typeset in several stages. It must run through LaTeX, and then processed with bibtex and makeindex. Sometimes the document must be run through LaTeX more than once. The latexmk script by John Collins automates this process. See http://www.phys.psu.edu/~collins/software/latexmk/ for details. Herbert Schulz wrote the engine files for this latexmk script. These engine files require  four files in ~/Library/TeXShop/bin: latexmkrc, pdflatexmkrc, xelatexmkrc, and latexmk. If these files are missing in your directory, remove that bin directory and run TeXShop again. The directory will be recreated with these files.\
\
TeX4ht by Eitan M. Gurari converts a TeX source file to HTML form. The htlatex engine calls tex4ht to typeset and opens Safari to preview the output. \
\
XeTeX and XeLaTeX produce extended dvi files which must be converted to pdf format. The default XeTeX engines use xdv2pdf, and the alternate engines here use xdvipdfmx.\
\
}