{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green116\blue0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 TeXShop is produced under the GPL public license. Coordination by:\
\

\b0 	Richard Koch\
                \

\b Code by:\
	\
	
\b0 Richard Koch\
	Max Horn\
        	Dirk Olmes\
	Mitsuhiro Shishikura\
         Seiji Zenitani\
         Isao Sonobe\
         	Martin Kerz\
	Michael Witten\
	Norman Gall\
	Anton Leuski\
	J\'e9r\'f4me Laurens\
         Piero D'Ancona\
         Geoffroy Lenglin\
         Jonas Zimmermann\

\b 	
\b0 Sean Luke\
	John Nairn\
	Greg Landweber\
	Nicol\'e1s Ojeda B\'e4r\
	Ram\'f3n M. Figueroa-Centeno\
	Martin Heusse\
	Sarah Childers\
	Makoto Inoue\
	Sven A. Schmidt\
	Georg Klein\
	David Reitter\
	Maarten Sneep\
         Kevin Ballard\
         Elliott Hughes\
         	Claus Gerhardt\
         Sebastian Siedentopf\
         Will Robertson\
         Stefan Walsen\
         Yu Itoh\
         Koichi Inoue\
	Johan H. W. Basberg\
	Herbert Schulz\
	Nicola Vitacolonna\
	Alan Munn\
	Scott Lambert\
	\

\b Open Source Frameworks and Classes:\
	\

\b0 	NoodleLineNumberMarker,\
	NoodleLineNumberView, \
	Cocoa classes from Paul Kim. \
	\CocoaLigature0 Copyright (c) 2008 Noodlesoft, LLC. \
\CocoaLigature1 	\CocoaLigature0 All rights reserved. \
\CocoaLigature1 	http://www.noodlesoft.com/blog/. 
\f1\fs20 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0  \
	\

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 	\CocoaLigature0 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", \
\CocoaLigature1 	\CocoaLigature0 WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\
\CocoaLigature1 	\CocoaLigature0 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING \
\CocoaLigature1 	\CocoaLigature0 BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE \
	WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, \
	FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR \
	PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. \
	IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS \
	OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE \
	FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER \
	LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF \
	CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, \
	ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN \
	CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE \
	OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS \
	IN THE SOFTWARE.\CocoaLigature1 \

\b 	\

\b0 	OgreKit, a Find Panel Framework, \
	supporting regular expressions. \
	The framework is by Isao Sonobe. \
	Released under the BSD license. \
	http://www8.ocn.ne.jp/~sonoisa/OgreKit/.\
	\
	Sparkle, a Software Update Framework \
	by Andy Matuschak. The framework is \
	Released under MIT/X/ Expat License. \
	http://sparkle.andymatuschak.org/. \
	\

\b Localization by:\
	\
	
\b0 Maarten Sneep\
	J\'e9r\'f4me Laurens\
          Hendrik Chaltin\
	Keith J. Schultz\
	Sascha Beverungen\
	Martin Kerz\
	Max Horn\
	Giuseppe Carlino\
	Nicola Vitacolonna\
	Seiji Zenitani\
         Yoshihisa Okazaki\
	Tomoaki Okayama\
	Paulo Abreu\
         Roxana Tenea Teleman\
         Andrei Teleman\
	Juan Luis Varona Malumbres\
\
 
\b Contact Information:\
 \
 	
\b0 Richard Koch\
        	Mathematics Department	\
        	University of Oregon\
        	Eugene, Oregon 97403      \
	koch@math.uoregon.edu\
        \
}