{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2.40 Changes\
\
1) New code from Terada about window placement, in TSDocument and TSDocument-RootFile.\
Changes are marked with "2.40". This should fix a problem with project root files and related\
chapter files which crops up even if the window placement preference is "windows always\
start with fixed size and position," and may fix a few other bugs.\
\
2) TeXShop has a hidden preference,\
\
	
\f1\fs22 defaults write TeXShop RedConsoleAfterError YES\
\

\f0\fs24 which causes the console output to turn red at the location of an error and beyond\
that spot. I believe this preference stopped working some time ago. It now woks again.\
\
3) Very minor localization improvements\
\
4) Added (for now hidden) preference items to change the brace matching colors\
used for parentheses (default magenta), and content background between \
the parentheses (default yellow). These occur in Yusuke Terada's\
new code for parenthesis matching.\
\
Also at Yusuke's suggestion, added hidden preference items to change the\
color (default orange) for invisible characters.\
\
	defaults write TeXShop highlightBracesRed 1.00\
	defaults write TeXShop highlightBracesGreen 0.00\
	defaults write TeXShop highlightBracesBlue 1.00\
\
	defaults write TeXShop highlightContentRed 1.00\
	defaults write TeXShop highlightContentGreen 1.00\
	defaults write TeXShop highlightContentBlue 0.00\
\
	defaults write TeXShop invisibleCharRed 1.00\
	defaults write TeXShop invisibleCharGreen 0.50\
	defaults write TeXShop invisibleCharBlue 0.00\
\
5) The previous change was added because a user objected to the extra red\
color of parentheses, but still wanted to see the matching parenthesis blink. This\
is probably the color change which would be requested most often (though by\
a minority of users), so a color well for the change was added to the Preference\
Panel.\
\
6) Yusuke Terada added code which briefly marks matching parentheses\
with a yellow "badge" to make them highly visible. This is such a desirable\
change that the TeXShop code has had a comment line for some time \
requesting the feature! The feature requires Snow Leopard and above.\
\
One user wanted to turn the new badge off. So a hidden preference\
is provided. Below we set the the value to "on", which is the default.\
\
	defaults write TeXShop brieflyFlashYellowForMatch YES\
\
	\
\
}