{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf250
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 258:\
\
1) Split window in the Source window is fixed, both in Single Window Mode\
and in Regular Window Mode. This broke on some systems on El Capitan,\
so that when the splitting was turned off, the bottom half became blank.\
\
2) Max Horn fixed "unindent;" the previous command would occasionally\
lose a character.\
\
3) Max Horn also added DEFINES for NSAppKitVersionNumber10_9 and the\
like, so the source will now compile on earlier systems. I checked that\
the current source compiles also on Mavericks.\
\
4) James Crippen asked that "paragraph" and "subparagraph" be added\
as default tags; these additional items are used in the Memoir class.\
They were added to TeXShop 3.58. So currently, in LaTeX the following\
receive automatic tags:\
\
	chapter\
	section\
	subsectiodn\
	subsubsection\
	paragraph\
	subparagraph\
	macro\
	environment\
\
5) Fixed TeXShop when used with an external editor. In previous\
El Capitan versions, typesetting produced a blank page, although\
scrolling revealed other pages. This bug is fixed.\
\
TeXShop has two preference settings for use with an external\
editor. The first, available under the Source tab, and labeled\
"Configure for External Editor." This item selects the "primary\
mode": either use the build-in editor or use an external editor.\
This preference can be overridden on a file-by-file basis.\
If the primary mode is to use the internal editor, the command\
"Open For Preview" will open a source file for external editing.\
If the primary mode is to use an external editor, the command\
"Open for Editing" will open a source file for editing with the\
Internal Editor.\
\
The second Preference item is under the Preview Tab. It is\
"Automatic Preview Update." This item causes the Preview Window\
to update whenever the source file changes.\
\
When using an external editor, it is important to configure TeXShop\
correctly. There are two ways to typeset in this circumstance. When a\
user wants to typeset, the user \
can activate the TeXShop Preview window and type command-T. If\
this is how typesetting is done, the "Automatic Preview Update" should\
be off, else additional flashes will occur. Or the user can typeset\
by using a shell in Terminal or using a command in the editor. In\
that case, "Automatic Preview Update" should probably be on,\
unless the editor is calling TeXShop to typeset.\
\
6) Fixed typesetting with a split pdf window. In both single window\
and multiple window modes, this often resulted in a correct display\
at the top and a blank display at the bottom. This is fixed with\
a kludge and a hope that Apple will soon provide a permanent\
fix.\
\
It is possible to turn off the kludge via\
\
	defaults write TeXShop 
\f1\fs22 \CocoaLigature0 FixSplitBlankPages NO
\f0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
7) Fixed the French localization so both documents in Help\
appear with the correct French translation by Rene Fritz.\
}