{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) --shell-escape has been removed from all default preference settings\
\
2) The entire TeXShop folder has been replaced with the version 3.10 TeXShop\
folder. This gives a new Latex Template, new latexmk files, new documentation,\
and perhaps one or two new engine files.\
\
3) Now TeXShop has a Documents folder in ~/Library/TeXShop. New documents\
will appear here. Temporarily they may be here and in old locations.\
\
4) Create Project Root has been removed; use "% !TEX root = \'85"\
\
5) New "Convert TIFF" menu. It is not yet working.\
\
6) Default Latex Template modified.\
\
7) Updated "TeXShop Tricks & Tips" by Herbert Schulz\
\
8) pdflatexmk is now one of the default engines. Only new users will\
notice this change.\
\
9) g) Persian, Hebrew, Arabic: At the request of particular users, a line that starts with\
Persian, or one ascii character and then Persian, or two ascii characters and then\
Persian is right justified. All other lines are left justified. Consequently\
\
	\\***\
\
if right justified; it is a "Persian" TeX command. But\
\
	\\section\{****\}\
\
is left justified, even if **** is in Persian. This is at the request of a user in Iran.\
\
However, there is a hidden preference:\
\
	defaults write TeXShop RightJustifyIfAny YES\
\
If this is set, then a line containing Persian anywhere in the line is right justified.\
\
\
10) b) Added a patch for syntax coloring submitted by Daniel Toundykov. This\
patch fixes a bug introduced around version 2.10 which made it impossible to\
change the foreground and background colors of the source window without\
breaking syntax coloring. Thus users can now change these colors using\
existing TeXShop commands.\
\
To change the source background\
\
	defaults write TeXShop background_R 0.25\
\
(with similar changes for background_G and background_B).\
\
To change the source foreground\
\
	defaults write TeXShop foreground_R 1.00\
\
(with similar changes for green and blue)\
\
To change the color of the insertion point\
\
	defaults write TeXShop insertionpoint_R 0.00\
\
(with similar changes for green and blue)\
\
Note that Macros/Applescript/ has two commands to illustrate this:\
\
	Colored source\
	Default Colored source\
\
\
\
11) There is a new folder in ~/Library/TeXShop/CommandCompletion named\
"GratzerMathCC". This folder contains a file named "CommandCompletion.txt",\
which users can activate by dragging it to the top level of CommandCompletion,\
replacing the file there now. This file contains extra command completions\
by George Gratzer for mathematical typesetting. The GratzerMathCC folder\
also contains a pdf file documenting the new completions.\
\
\
 \
12) Added ".md" to the file types TeXShop can edit, and also the file types which are syntax colored\
for which typesetting is activated. This is on the advice of Axel Kielhorn, so "pandoc" can be\
used to convert markdown files to latex, epub, and eventually pdf.\
\
\
 Added a markdown engine to ~/Library/TeXShop/Engines/Inactive for this use.\
Axel promises to provide other engines after further experimentation.\
\
\
\
13) Updated LatexMk to version 4.31. This version of Latexmk  \
creates a file list named "file.fls", which helps latexmk keep\
track of all file dependencies. The TrashAUX command has been\
extended to remove files with this extension as well.\
\
14) Revised Help Files\
\
\
15) Automatic tags \'b4``were slightly broken; % \\chapter was not recognized.\
Now it is.\
\
16) A change in the German localization to enlarge the source font size (this used to be control =, but\
on the German keyboard the equal sign is in a different spot, so on the advice of a user I changed it to\
control +. \
\
17) Fixed bug in German localization: in Preferences under the Preview, the\
buttons for "Double Sided" and "Single Sided, Continuous" were reversed,\
and so they didn't do what they claimed to do.\
\
18) Fixed another problem in the German localization. The menu\
	items to set the PDF display mode were mislabeled, and check\
	marks in this menu didn't work. Both problems are fixed.\
\
19) Split Window for Preview is improved, opening initially on the\
	section of the window open originally, and with apropriate magnification.\
	Moreover, the magnification toolbar button is now in sync with\
	magnification in that split pane.\
\
In the next two paragraphs, the orientation and scale selections are not\
added because these require Leopard.\
\
20) Printing now selects Portrait or Landscape style automatically.\
	Moreover, an "orientation" selection is added to the print panel,\
	so the user can change the orientation if the auto selection\
	mechanism fails. Finally a "scale" selection is added to the\
	print panel, so the user can rescale the document before printing.\
\
21) These printing changes also apply to "Print Source", except\
	that by default source has vertical orientation. But this orientation\
	can be changed. Scaling is available in the Print Panel.\
\
22) Herb Schulz fixed a bug in AutoCompletion; when multiple\
	windows are open, the system could get confused because\
	static variables were used, rather than variables for that particular\
	window.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 23) Yusuke Terada also made the following changes:\
\
	a) Double clicking on one of the end characters of a\
	<\'85> pair selects both ends and all characters in between.\
\
	b) If the hidden preference MakeatletterEnabled is YES, \
	selection of sequences containing  '@' (such as \\@latex@error) \
	by double-clicking is supported\
\
	e) As before, if text is selected and then the "indent" or "comment" item\
	is chosen, the entire paragraph containing the selection is\
	indented or commented out. But now the text selection is preserved.\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 	f) When the source window is active and split, and a file is drag-and-dropped\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 	to the bottom view did not work. Now it does.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 	later) Fixed a bug when double clicking on a left brace. This click again selects \\\
	the text between this brace and its matching right brace.\
\
24) I modified TSDocument-Jobs.m in order to allow the BibTeX engine setting to have options.\
\
25) It also fixed the \
\
	defaults write TeXShop TagSections NO\
\
problem.\
\
26) 	AppleScript macros are now saved with UTF8 encoding, so scripts\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 	can be written containing Japanese and other languages. This required\
	a small modification in the "ScriptRunner" program which runs scripts\
	which start with --applescript rather than --applescript direct.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 27) 	The print panel for printDocument and printSource shows tool to change the\
	Orientation, and to Scale on Leopard and beyond. The code is written so it\
	does not crash on Tiger, where this ability is not available.\
\
28) 	Choosing the "Print ..." menu  with the source window open started a print job\
	which understood "Page Setup" changes. Choosing the same menu  with the preview\
	window open started a print job that ignored "Page Setup." The print dialogs for these\
	two operations were different: one was a standalone dialog and one was a drop-down\
	dialog in a window. Both dialogs might be open at once on the screen.  This problem is fixed.\
\
29) 	Convert TIFF now works in version 2.45.\
\
30)	Version 2.45 is now signed.\
\
\
-----------------------------------\
\
\
THE REMAINING MATERIAL WILL NOT BE MOVED OVER!\
\
\
\
\
Version 3.03 fixes the "multiple print dialogs" problem.\
\
\
\
The changes in version 3.04 are:\
\
a) A fix for "Show Full Path" by Terada\
\
\
The changes in version 3.06 are by Yusuke Terada.\
\
1) On Lion, the hidden setting SourceWindowAlpha sometimes does not work. Especially, on opening source files which contain "TEX root =", SourceWindowAlpha is always ignored. To fix this issue, I added a method "setAlpha:" into TSTextEditorWindow.m and modified "initWIthContentRect:".\
\
2) On Lion, if you open a source file which contains "TEX root = foobar.tex" but foobar.tex does not exist, the window of foobar.tex is newly created. (On SnowLeopard, an error dialog was displayed in such a situation.) I modified a single line of TSDocument-RootFile.m to fix this issue.\
\
\
The changes in version 3.07 are:\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 8) Yusuke Terada also made the following changes:\
\
	c) A small number of crashes were isolated and repaired\
\
	d) "Show Full Path" is improved on Lion, if chosen by the\
	user in an optional tool bar item for the source window\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
	\
\
}