{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The changes in 3.22 are\
\
	A few localization changes were made. Nicola Vitacolonna did more extensive\
	localization work for Italian.\
\
	TeXShop now understands the file type fdd and can edit such files.\
\
	There is a new hidden Preference\
\
		defaults write TeXShop SourceInterlineSpace 1.0\
\
	This preference sets the space between lines of source. Only values between .5 and 40.0 are\
	accepted. The default 1.0 is standard spacing. Double space is approximately 10.0.\
\
	There is a new engine, pythontex, and associated documentation in ~/Library/TeXShop/Engines/Inactive\
	explaining how to install this system.\
\
	The SageTeX engine documentation was rewritten at the suggestion of Daniel Grambihler to\
	avoid the need to revise the TeX installation with every Sage upgrade. Ingenious. Daniel's\
	method requires changing the name of Sage from a name which includes the version\
	to just   "Sage", which is surely the correct way to proceed. The Engine has to call the Sage\
	binary, which is hidden inside the program wrapper, and now this call doesn't depend on\
	the exact name. Similarly sagetex.sty is inside the application wrapper; Daniel's method \
	puts a link to this location inside texmf-local.\
\
	The English Preference for "Both" in setting the sync method has been changed to\
	"Both Search and Pdf Sync" to clarify what happens. This reasonable suggestion is by\
	Joseph Slater.\
	\
	Paul Smyth suggested the final change. If the option key is down, the menu item "Typeset"\
	changes to "Trash Aux Files & Typeset" and selecting it trashes Aux Files before\
	Typesetting. Recall that command-T is a keyboard shortcut for "Typeset". Similarly\
	option-command-T is a keyboard shortcut for the new command.}