{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 FOR 2.30:\
\
1) For Arabic, Hebrew, Persian: a linear must START with one of these languages to be right justified. Thus\
lines containing TeX commands with embedded Arabic will still be left justified.\
\
2) New Latexmk from Herb, Version 4.13a\
\
3) New MetaPost engines from Nicola Vitacolonna, Version 1.3.1. The two engines are called "nv-metafun" and "nv-metapost" where "nv" stands for "new version." When users make these engines active, they may want to rename them to just "metafun" and "metapost".\
\
4) The default MetaPost command, with Preference choice "mptopdf," is now the new metafun engine. In the Preference Dialog, the item which selects it is called "metafun" rather than "mptopdf". However, the default MetaPost command, with Preference choice "mpost", is unchanged.\
\
5) Herb Schulz's important additions to command completion are now included in the program.\
\
6) Added Windows Latin 1 to the list of supported encodings\
\
7) Added "ctx" to list of extensions which are regarded as TeX files and can be syntax colored and typeset\
\
8) Modifications to fix crash related to synctex, searching pdf documents, and related notifications\
\
9) Added "About This Release" to Help menu, to tell users how to make changes, particularly to ~/Library/TeXShop\
\
10) Goto error now understands projects with root files, opens the appropriate source file if it isn't already open, and goes to the error in that file. This change\
requires a new flag in all engines: " --file-line-error". In TeXShop default preferences, this is set for pdftex, pdflatex, simpdftex, and xetex. If users wrote other engines, they will need to add the flag for these.\
\
11) Removed the Preference to decide between mpost and metafun, i.e., mptopdf. Now the build in MetaPost command just runs mpost. Also removed the MetaFont build-in command, which made little sense. Added instead two engines by Nicola Vitacolonna for metafun and metapost: nv-metafun and nv-metapost.\
\
12) Added a "Paste Spreadsheet Cells" macro by Alan Munn.\
\
13) Modified the help panel sections on command completion and on context and metapost.\
\
14) Fix bug which left pdf files open after their document was closed, until TeXShop quit. Now the pdf file is closed when the associated source file closes.\
\
TO DO\
\
15) Abort ConTeXt (probably postpone this to another release)\
\
}