{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The changes in version 3.06 are by Yusuke Terada.\
\
1) On Lion, the hidden setting SourceWindowAlpha sometimes does not work. Especially, on opening source files which contain "TEX root =", SourceWindowAlpha is always ignored. To fix this issue, I added a method "setAlpha:" into TSTextEditorWindow.m and modified "initWIthContentRect:".\
\
2) On Lion, if you open a source file which contains "TEX root = foobar.tex" but foobar.tex does not exist, the window of foobar.tex is newly created. (On SnowLeopard, an error dialog was displayed in such a situation.) I modified a single line of TSDocument-RootFile.m to fix this issue.\
\
3) I modified TSDocument-Jobs.m in order to allow the BibTeX engine setting to have options.\
\
In addition, Terada improved OgreKit 2.1.4 to make it more useful.\
\
4) New OgreKit Find Panel uses the same font as TeXShop source windows. Syntax coloring, paren match highlighting, showing invisible characters and so on work also in OgreKit Find Panel. Auto Completion(Key Binding) and Command Completion also work. The settings of each function (on/off, its color) follow those of TeXShop.\
\
5)  When regular expressions are enabled, the background color in the panel changes.\
Previously, when you open TeXShop source windows in different spaces, pressing Command+F caused switching spaces. By using the new OgreKit.framework, OgreKit Find Panel always appears in the current space.\
\
6) Previously, after using "Replace All" of OgreKit Find Panel, the colors of all characters in TeXShop source window were changed to black. In the new OgreKit.framework, this issue is fixed by sending "NeedsForRecolorNotification" to NotificationCenter after using "Replace All".\
}