{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The changes in 3.16 are as follows:\
\
	1) Fixed a bug in which "Edit Completion File\'85" changes had to be\
	saved twice before open programs acknowledged the changes. If\
	they were saved once, the changes would appear after TeXShop\
	was restarted. Now fixed.\
\
	2) New Latexmk engines. See ~/Library/TeXShop/Engines/Latexmk\
	and the documentation there for details.\
\
	3) In the Macro Editor, "Save Selection to File\'85" was broken.\
	Now it is fixed. Changes to Macros could be saved by the editor\
	back to ~/Library/TeXShop/Macros, but not written to a separate file\
	for distribution to others. This problem also affected reading the\
	macros back from a file. All now fixed.\
\
	4) Fixed a similar bug when saving a selection of the pdf file to\
	disk.\
\
	5) The syncTeX synchronization method worked in 3.15. But if the\
	syncTeX method fails to find a match, TeXShop resorts to the old\
	search method for sync, and that method was broken. This is now\
	fixed.\
\
	6) When a new version of TeXShop first runs, it updates some of\
	the contents of ~/Library/TeXShop, for instance \
	~/Library/TeXShop/Engines/Inactive. Users in Japan noticed\
	that since version 3.12, this rewrite occurs every time TeXShop\
	starts, rather than just on the first run. Thanks to\
	Yusuke Terada for this report. The problem is now fixed.\
\
	7) The adoption of UTI's also enables "App Expose." Swiping\
	on the trackpad or Portable pad with three fingers downward\
	places the TeXShop windows on the page along, with a list of\
	inactive files along the bottom in a row. This swipe can occur\
	in a TeXShop window or over it's icon in the dock.\
}