{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 3.74\
\
1) At Wilde's suggestion, the code for mousing over a link now checks whether the destination is on the left or right side of the page, and positions the "reference snapshot" accordingly. This makes it possible to hover over  links to equation numbers on the right side of the page and see the resulting equation.\
\
2) The behavior of "Experiment" has changed slightly. If text is selected in the Source Editor, then this text will be copied to the Experimental source window when it opens. Users can then add text, edit the existing text, etc. \
\
If no text is selected, then the Experiment source window will open with its previous text. The first time it opens, it will be empty. But if the user tried an experiment and then closed the window, this text will still be present when the window is opened again. (The experimental text is erased when a document is closed.)\
\
3) TeXShop uses five files by Jerome Laurens to interprete the contents of synctex files. These files can be updated when new versions of TeX Live appear, but these updates didn't take place for the last two years. Now the latest versions of these files are used; this may produce minor changes in the operation of syncTeX.\
The files are \
\
	synctex_parser_utils.c\
	synctex_parset_utils.h\
	synctex_parser.c\
	synctex_parser.h\
	synctex_version.txt\
\
The version number increased from 1.9 to 1.18.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}