{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Version 3.89\
\
1) ConTeXt does not sync. Apparently the ConTeXt people have been working on improving syncing. But Jerome Laurens also\
improved the Sync code for TeX Live 2017. Jerome's sync code includes a C++ sync parser which is designed for front ends,\
to make implementation of sync easy. This sync parser wasn't done when TeX Live 2017 was released, and the\
existing code crashed TeXShop in some situations. This was fixed by Jerome on July 4, 2017 (an easy to remember date\
in the U.S.), and immediately adopted by TeXShop.\
\
It turns out that authors of other front ends did not update to the new code. Apparently, then, the authors of ConTeXt used\
old parse code when modifying their sync information. The result is that Jerome's new parse code fails for ConTeXt, but\
reverting to the old code works. Of course users of pdflatex, etc., would be unhappy if we reverted to the old code.\
\
Consequently, a new magic line has been invented just for ConTeXt users:\
\
	% !TEX useOldSyncParser\
\
When this line is in place, the old sync parser will be used. This magic line should only be used by ConTeXt users, because\
other users will want the new parser, particularly if they use TeX Live 2017 and thus Jerome Lauren's latest sync code.\
\
Note: Since magic lines are read when the file is first opened, it is necessary to close and reopen the file after first typing\
the magic line for it to "take".\
\
2) The Help menu now starts with\
\
	About This Release\
	Changes\
\
It is important to read Changes, since this is often the only place that new features are described.\
\
3) Herbert Schulz revised many of the latexmk engines to use the magic line \
\
....\
\
4) begin-end pairs\
\
5) xml and <tag> </tag> pairs and <!--  vs --> comment tags\
\
6) xml stuff}