{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 3.46 has the following changes:\
\
\
1) Minor improvements in Japanese and Korean localizations\
\
2) OgreKit is now localized for Korean and thus works with that localization.\
\
3) The latest version of OgreKit is included\
\
4) Yusuke Terada fixed \'93Remember last position\'94 for the Console window. \
This is complementary to a previous addition of \'93Always Open Console at\
a Fixed Position\'94\
\
5) Fixed minor toolbar glitches pointed out by Herbert Schulz: \'93Page\'94 and \'93Scale\'94\
were improperly clipped in some localizations including English.\
\
6) Added a new encoding option: Korean (Windows, DOS)\
\
7) In Yosemite with Single Page or Double Page modes in the Preview Window,\
the arrow keys scrolled in the wrong direction. This was then fixed in a previous\
TeXShop version. However, the fix partly broke the behavior of the up and\
down arrows in all modes. These arrows only paged under the fix.\
\
In 3.46, the old behavior for up and down arrows returns; these keys scroll up\
or down one line until coming to the end of a page, and then page down.\
\
8) When TeXShop runs with Auto Saving active, some items in the file menu\
are modified by Apple automatically without new TeXShop Code. These\
items are labeled\
\
	Save As, Duplicate, Rename, Move To, Export, Revert to Saved, and Revert.\
\
In particular, Revert allows users to activate a \'93Time Machine\'94 like window and\
revert back to an earlier version.\
\
Some of these items do not work in single user mode, and Revert causes\
TeXShop to crash. So (at least temporarily) the items are all disabled in\
Single Window Mode. Obviously they continue to work in the usual mode\
in which the source and preview are placed in different windows.\
\
WARNING: Apple has experimented with the placement of these items; in\
Lion, for instance, Revert was on a pull down menu activated from the window\
title. We have not gone back to earlier versions of the operating system to\
make corresponding fixes. Whenever possible, we recommend using\
the latest operating system, and bugs will be fixed mainly on that system. Many\
bug fixes, but not all, will make sense on earlier systems.\
	\
9) For some time, each typesetting job made a slight adjustment in the portion\
of the page displayed. This adjustment seems to depend on magnification,\
the portion of the page displayed, and more. So no \'93fix\'94 seemed to cover\
all cases.\
\
Yusuke Terada believes that Apple fixed this bug in the latest Yosemite, so\
the \'93fixes\'94 have been removed. There may still be cases of \'93page creep.\'94 The\
problem will definitely remain in early versions of OS X since 3.46 removes\
\'93kludgelike fixes\'94 in favor of doing what \'93ought to work\'94 and does seem to\
work in the latest OS X.\
\
}