{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1502
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 3.70\
\
3.69 never released.\
\
1)  Reverts back to Hairer's more extensive patches, but with his fix for the toolbar problem.\
\
2) Has extended Help Panel with Miscellaneous section. Items that have no permanent place elsewhere will be placed here. This is only available in the English translation.\
\
3) The pdf toolbar search field has been improved. Here is how it works currently:\
\
	If the Preview Window is active, command-F activates the search field, so typing in it will immediately be recognized\
\
	Push RETURN to select the first item. This now makes the pdf view the first responder, so the selected item appears in blue rather than gray.\
\
	To select the next item, push command-G. To do a backward search, push command-shift-G. This makes the search field parallel to the behavior of search in the text field, and maintains the first responder status of the pdf view, so selected items are show in blue.\
\
	(Not that RETURN and SHIFT-RETURN no longer give additional selections.)\
\
	To search on page, say, 36, select some non-empty text near the top of the page. The next command-G and shift-command-G start at this selection.\
Select an empty text selection to start searches at the start of the document.\
\
	If searches reach the end of the document, they again begin at the beginning.\
\
4) The drawer search continues to work on El Capitan and below, and now for the first time works also on Sierra. However, the fix on Sierra depends on what looks like a bug in PDFKit, which has been reported to Apple. If this bug is fixed, the code can easily be changed so Sierra and earlier systems will use the same code.}