{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The changes in version 3.07 are:\
\
1) Updated Herb Schulz' "TeXShop Tips & Tricks" to version 0.5.3\
\
2) Updated LatexMk to version 4.31. This version of Latexmk  \
creates a file list named "file.fls", which helps latexmk keep\
track of all file dependencies. The TrashAUX command has been\
extended to remove files with this extension as well.\
\
3) pdflatexmk is now one of the default engines. Only new users will\
notice this change.\
\
4) TeXShop now creates a ~/Library/TeXShop/Documents folder containing \
important documents. Currently many are duplicated from elsewhere in \
~/Library/TeXShop, but this will be the spot to look in the future. \
\
5) The Documents folder is updated with new releases, just as the current\
bin, Engines/inactive, and scripts.\
\
6) Fixed bug in German localization: in Preferences under the Preview, the\
buttons for "Double Sided" and "Single Sided, Continuous" were reversed,\
and so they didn't do what they claimed to do.\
\
7) Contains the latest customized OgreKit by Yusuke Terada. As in TeXShop\
3.06, this pane uses the same font as TeXShop source windows. Moreover,\
syntax coloring, paren match highlighting, showing invisible characters and so on \
work in the OgreKit Panel. Command Completion also works. However, \
KeyBinding (AutoCompletion) is disabled in this OgreKit, as requested by\
a number of users in the TeX on OS X mailing list.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 8) Yusuke Terada also made the following changes:\
\
	a) Double clicking on one of the end characters of a\
	<\'85> pair selects both ends and all characters in between.\
\
	b) If the hidden preference MakeatletterEnabled is YES, \
	selection of sequences containing  '@' (such as \\@latex@error) \
	by double-clicking is supported\
\
	c) A small number of crashes were isolated and repaired\
\
	d) "Show Full Path" is improved on Lion, if chosen by the\
	user in an optional tool bar item for the source window\
\
	e) As before, if text is selected and then the "indent" or "comment" item\
	is chosen, the entire paragraph containing the selection is\
	indented or commented out. But now the text selection is preserved.\
\
	f) When the source window is active and split, and a file is drag-and-dropped\
	to the bottom view did not work. Now it does.\
\
	g) AppleScript macros are now saved with UTF8 encoding, so scripts\
	can be written containing Japanese and other languages. This required\
	a small modification in the "ScriptRunner" program which runs scripts\
	which start with --applescript rather than --applescript direct.\
\
9) TeXShop is now signed, as required in Mountain Lion. See the Gatekeeper\
documentation at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apple.com/macosx/mountain-lion/features.html#gatekeeper"}}{\fldrslt http://www.apple.com/macosx/mountain-lion/features.html#gatekeeper}}.\
\
\
}