{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green116\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 3.59::\
\
1) There is a new item in the TeXShop menu:\
\
	Select TeXShop as Default TeX Editor\
\
This sets TeXShop as the application which will open .tex files\
which are double clicked in the Finder. \
\
There is one caveat. This command requires that the user have\
a unique copy of TeXShop on their computer. Our recommendation\
is that TeXShop be placed in /Applications/TeX and be updated\
by using the "Sparkle" update mechanism. If this is consistently done,\
only one copy will be on the computer. But users who download\
TeXShop from third party sites (or Koch's TeXShop site) have\
the freedom to place it anywhere they like, and this can easily lead\
to multiple copies.\
\
The menu calls a routine in Apple's Launch Services API, which\
picks a random copy of TeXShop. Users who have multiple copies may\
not open their most recent copies if they set the default method with the\
new menu item.\
\
Note that the alternate way to select a default application is to\
select a .tex file, and then select Get Info in the Finder. This leads to\
a dialog with a dropdown menu containing all known copies of TeXShop,\
as well as other applications that can edit TeX files. Thus the user\
has a little more control using Get Info.\
\
2) Fixed the command "Complete Environment". The original command\
worked for Latex. It was extended to also support ConTeXt." Alan Munn\
then reported the following strange bug:\
\
\pard\tx529\pardeftab529\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 \\documentclass\{article\}\
 \\begin\{document\}\
 \\begin\{enumerate\}\
 \\item John started the car.\
 \\item John stopped the car.\
 % environment  completion here produces \\stoped\
 % even if the line is commented out\
 % completing again produces the correct completion\
 % but environment completion after these comments seems to work\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
This is fixed.\
\
3) If the user inputs an unknown encoding using the "% !TEX encoding = "\
 trick, TeXShop silently switch to Mac OS Roman. Now it switches to\
the default encoding, ISOLatin 9. Moreover, before the switch it puts\
up an error dialog: "Unknown encoding; using ISO Latin 9."\
\
4) The Help menu now has a command to open ~/Local.\
\
5) The "% !TEX encoding = " line now accepts TeXWorks encoding names\
for equivalent TeXShop encodings with different names\
\
\
}