{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 3.28 has the following fixes:\
\
1)	A localization for Brazilian Portuguese (pt-BR.lproj) by \
	Emerson Rubeiro de Mello\
\
	Unfortunately, XCode insists on naming the "Portuguese localizations"\
	Portuguese and pt-BR. But experiments show that in the end we must\
	reach into the binary and rename these pt-PT and pt. Yes, "pt" means\
	the Brazilian variety in OS X.\
\
2)	Latexmk 4.40\
\
3) 	A new French translation of TeXShop Tips & Tricks\
\
4) 	Pythontex engine and documentation slightly altered\
\
5) 	Convert tiff uses sips rather than convert; actually this is no change since\
	the code calls "convert" if it is present, and otherwise calls "sips" if it is\
	present\
\
6)	Added Hasklee Literate Script (lhs) as a type which TeXShop can\
	edit, and that can be typeset and syntax colored\
\
7)	Now two suggestions for PATH to binaries (in English only; consider adding\
	to other localizations.\
\
9)	Spell checking now remembers a dictionary that was chosen in the\
	"Show Spelling and Grammer" panel. This makes it easier to use the\
	CocoApell package. To use this package, install by clicking\
	on the installer. Go to Apple's System Preferences, select the new\
	Spelling Preference Pane at the bottom. Select a language, and\
	turn on latex checking. Then start TeXShop and go to\
\
	Edit Menu --> Show Spelling and Grammer\
\
	In the pull down menu at the bottom, select the dictionary\
	which you configured earlier. TeXShop will now remember\
	this selection.\
\
\
\
\
}