{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Version 3.90 was never released.\
\
Version 3.91:\
\
In 3.89, double clicking on the words "begin" or "end" in a begin-end pair while the Option key is down selects the other element of the pair and everything in between.\
\
Writing this code was not pleasant (I dislike programming with strings). I expected applause, although I secretly knew there were two problems with the algorithm I used. Instead, someone immediately sent a bug report revealing one of the bugs:\
\
	\\begin\{enumerate\}\
		\\item One\
		\\item Two\
		\\begin\{enumerate\}\
			\\item A\
			\\item B\
		\\end\{enumerate\
		\\item Three\
	\\end\{enumerate\}\
\
In version 3.89, the initial "\\begin\{enumerate\}" was paired with the initial "\\end\{enumerate\}" rather than the last one,\
\
This is fixed in 3.91. Now begin-end pairs can include text with another \\begin-end pair using the same keyword, and TeXShop will pick the correct matching element.\
\
While I was at it, I fixed the other bug, not yet reported by a user. The initial algorithm ignored comments, so "begin" could be paired with an "end" that was commented out. This is also fixed.\
\
The added logic makes the algorithnms slower, but they still seem acceptably fast on my machine.\
\
\
Apple advertised High Sierra as a release which would polish OS X and make it cleaner and faster, without introducing many new features. And indeed, High Sierra fixed a number of important bugs in PDFKit, which along with NSTextEdit is the most important part of Cocoa for TeXShop\
\
But sadly, High Sierra has introduced several new, exasperating, PDFKit bugs of its own.  The most important of these (judging from users email) has a work-around in 3.91. Namely, scrolling the PDF View with a track pad or mouse when it is in MULTIPAGE mode or DOUBLE-MULTIPAGE MODE does not update the page number field on the PDF toolbar. \
\
Version 3.91 has TWO fixes. The initially active fix updates this field continuously, just as OS X did in Sierra. While attempts have been made to make this fix as efficient as possible, it might slow the program down. So there is a second fix. The second fix is more precise, but it does not update continuously. Instead, the\
user must click once anywhere in the PDF View with the mouse to update the page number field.\
\
To switch to the second method, use a hidden preference by writing in Terminal\
\
	defaults write TeXShop ContinuousHighSierraFix NO\
\
}