{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2.35 was never released, so 2.36 is the next version.\
\
1) Slightly revised LilyPond engine\
\
2) Slightly revised ConTeXt-MKIV engine, after consulting Hans Hagen at Tug 2010\
\
3) Added the option of using tab rather than escape for command completion. This choice\
is in Preferences. Also added option-escape and control-escape as additional keyboard\
shortcuts to go to the next mark or previous mark in command completion. These become\
option-tab and control-tab when the tab key becomes the command completion trigger.\
Since adding keyboard shortcuts is always risky, a hidden preference can turn these\
off:\
\
	defaults write TeXShop CommandCompletionAlternateMarkShortcut NO\
\
4) The folder ~/Library/TeXShop now has a new subfolder named "Stationery". This folder\
contains starting documents for various TeX projects. Each is a source file with extension\
".tex". In addition, the folder contains "comment" files. These are optional; each has the\
same name as a source file, but extension "comment" rather than "tex".\
\
As usual, the contents of this folder can be removed, expanded, and edited by users.\
\
TeXShop has a new menu item, "New from Stationery\'85". This item brings up a list\
of sources in ~/Library/TeXShop/Stationery. Those items with comment files are shown with\
a comment giving the purpose of the file. The user can select one of these files. A new\
file will be created with its contents, but the file behaves as though it is a new file, and\
when it is typeset, the user must name it and give its location on disk.\
\
\
\
}