{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 3.63:\
\
The goal of this release is to prepare TeXShop for Mac OS 10.12, Sierra.\
The release fixes four minor problems with the current beta.\
\
Note: The original beta of Sierra had numerous PDFKit bugs. These were\
mostly fixed in the second beta. Users should make certain they have\
that second beta, or a more recent release.\
\
1) Sync from source to preview worked in beta 2, but at the very end\
did not show the selected match in yellow. This is fixed. Probably\
my fault, rather than a Sierra bug.\
\
2) TeXShop has a Demo item in the Help menu, which displays two\
movies for new users. The movies used to be included in the program,\
but now they are on a server and downloaded as needed. The movies\
were in .mov format, and gzipped for extra efficiency.\
\
TeXShop used Apple's QuickTime Kit to display movies, but this\
was deprecated several years ago in favor of the AVKit (audio-visual\
kit). In Sierra, QTKit is removed, so it finally became necessary to move\
to AVKit. In the process, the movies were converted from .mov form\
to .mp4 form.\
\
After download, movies are storied in ~/Library/TeXShop/Movies/TeXShop.\
A user might have both .mov files there (for older versions of TeXShop)\
and .mp4 files there (for TeXShop 3.63 and future versions.)\
\
3) In the initial Sierra beta, scrolling of the PDF window was very jerky.\
I managed to make a small change which fixed this problem. The change does\
no harm and thus is still in the program, although Apple fixed the problem\
for beta 2.\
\
4) The Preview Window has a drawer which can open and display\
an outline of the pdf in the top portion (if the hyperref package is used)\
and a search of the pdf in the bottom portion. The bottom search feature\
currently does not work. But it was essentially copied from Apple's\
PDFKit documentation, so I suspect this is a bug which will eventually\
be fixed.\
\
However, this version of TeXShop contains a new way to search pdf files\
which does not require the drawer and may be preferred by most users.\
A new "search field" tool is available for the PDF window. Type a word\
like "Galois" in this field and push RETURN to find the first occurrence\
of the word in the PDF text. Push RETURN again to find successive\
occurrences of the word. \
\
Click in a spot but do not select anything, to restart searching from the\
top of the document. Turn to a page and actually select some text to\
make the next search start at this selection. Thus searches are possible\
in the middle of the document without starting from the beginning.\
\
5) Finally, TeXShop inherits tabs in both source and pdf windows in\
Sierra. This is provided automatically by Mac OS 10.12 without any\
code changes in the program. Tabs are the most requested new\
feature for TeXShop, so it is pleasant that Apple provides them for free!}