{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Version 3.02 is renamed TeXShop rather than TeXShop-64. This fixes some\
Applescript bugs caused by renaming the program.\
\
TeXShop's Sparkle upgrade mechanism still upgrades within the 2.** series\
and within the 3.** series, but not from one series to the other.\
\
In previous versions of TeXShop, line numbers did not scroll when the source\
window scrolled using overlay scrollers. They did scroll with legacy scrollers.\
If the source window was split, the top portion scrolled with overlay scrollers.\
\
Debugging experiments show that this is a Lion bug. We can reproduce it with a small\
15 line program. \
\
TeXShop 3.02 has an ingenious patch by Yusuke Terada to temporarily fix the\
problem. TeXShop has a hidden preference to turn this on; by default it is on. To\
turn the fix off\
\
	defaults write TeXShop FixLineNumberScroll NO\
\
We hope that ultimately Apple will fix the bug. When they do, the patch\
will be turned off automatically.\
\
Automatic tags for docstrip were slightly broken; % \\chapter was not recognized.\
Now it is.\
\
All three "Find" methods: OgreKit, Find Panel, Find Bar work for the\
source window, and log window. The OgreKit method also works\
in the console window, but (at least temporarily) the other methods don't.\
\
}