{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Version 3.81\
\
1) After the release of 3.80, added locally a fix to a bug reported by E. Lazard; in the search field in the drawer, searching for\
a single space causes a crash. \
\
2) "Open for Preview" broke due to an attempt to replace a deprecated call with a newer one. This is fixed.\
\
3) Sorted the user engine files listed beside the typeset menu. This at the request of Bruno Voisin.\
\
4) French Translation of TeXShop Tips & Tricks document in French localization (Rene FRITZ)\
\
5) When typesetting, the page number on the pdf window was originally set to 1. Eventually, it was set \
to the location displayed by the bottom half of the split view, even if this view was hidden. Now fixed.\
\
6) Choice of a spelling dictionary was strangely designed, and flaky. Now it has been revised to work like everything else.\
\
Recall the basic design of TeXShop Preferences. Several documents can be open at once, and they\
can be configured by TeXShop menu items to behave differently. One document might typeset using pdflatex\
and a second using LuaTeX. One document's preview may display isolated pages, and the other may show\
continuously scrollable pages. Etc.\
\
The Preference Pane is mainly to set the default properties of documents when first opened. For example, in\
Preferences a user can set the default engine to be pdflatex. But after a document is open, the engine it uses\
can change.\
\
A new item has been added to Preferences under the Source tab called "Dictionary." This item sets the default\
dictionary used for spell checking when a document is first opened. Many users will select a cocoAspell dictionary\
which understands TeX commands and does not mark them as misspelled. Selecting a dictionary in Preferences\
does not change the dictionary of any currently open file.\
\
There is one unusual feature. Apple's Spelling and Grammar panel selects localized names for dictionaries.\
But internally, dictionaries are determined by the ISO  639-1 and ISO 639-2 standards, and these are the names\
which TeXShop shows in Preferences, for a reason to be explained later. It is fairly easy to compare the results\
with the list in Spelling and Grammar and determine the actual language for each symbol.\
\
Now we consider being used with three or four source files open. The dictionary for each of these files was\
determined when they were opened. But the Spelling & Grammar pane can be used to change this default dictionary,\
on a file by file basis. Simply click on a source to make it the main window, and then select a new dictionary in Spelling\
& Grammar. \
\
Give this a try. Select English, Spanish, Italian, and Automatic Language for four source files. Open Spelling & Grammar\
and notice that the dictionary changes are various sources are activated.\
\
There is one final featrure. Suppose most documents written by a user are in English, but one large project is in German.\
Near the top of the German document, type\
\
	% !TEX spellcheck = de-DE\
\
Then that document will open using the German dictionary, even though the default might be a cocoAspell English\
dictionary. The right side of this expression must be the ISO 691-1 or ISO 691-2 description, which is why Preferenes\
shows dictionaries in this form.\
\
Even if the document begins with % !TEX spellcheck = de-DE, its dictionary can later be changed with Spelling & Grammar.\
For example, a German document might include an English quote, and the author might like to check the spelling in that\
quote.\
\
}