{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 3.27 - 3.31 were never released.\
3.32  has the following fixes:\
\
1)	A localization for Brazilian Portuguese (pt-BR.lproj) by \
	Emerson Rubeiro de Mello\
\
	Unfortunately, XCode insists on naming the "Portuguese localizations"\
	Portuguese and pt-BR. But experiments show that in the end we must\
	reach into the binary and rename these pt-PT and pt. Yes, "pt" means\
	the Brazilian variety in OS X.\
\
2)	Latexmk 4.40\
\
3) 	A new French translation of TeXShop Tips & Tricks\
\
4) 	Pythontex engine and documentation slightly altered\
\
5) 	Convert tiff uses sips rather than convert; actually this is no change since\
	the code calls "convert" if it is present, and otherwise calls "sips" if it is\
	present\
\
6)	Added Hasklee Literate Script (lhs) as a type which TeXShop can\
	edit, and that can be typeset and syntax colored\
\
7)	Now two suggestions for PATH to binaries (in English only; consider adding\
	to other localizations.\
\
9)	Spell checking now remembers a dictionary that was chosen in the\
	"Show Spelling and Grammer" panel. This makes it easier to use the\
	CocoApell package. To use this package, install by clicking\
	on the installer. Go to Apple's System Preferences, select the new\
	Spelling Preference Pane at the bottom. Select a language, and\
	turn on latex checking. Then start TeXShop and go to\
\
	Edit Menu --> Show Spelling and Grammer\
\
	In the pull down menu at the bottom, select the dictionary\
	which you configured earlier. TeXShop will now remember\
	this selection.\
\
10) 	In Mavericks, the code for selecting a region of the pdf file and the\
	code for magnifying a region of the pdf file broke. So earlier versions\
	of TeXShop used the old routines for Lion and Mountain Lion, but the\
	new routines for Mavericks.\
\
	However, recent tests suggest to me that the old Lion and Mountain Lion\
	routines didn't work on these systems. The new code works on Lion,\
	Mountain Lion, and Mavericks. Therefore the new code is used on all\
	three systems. There are slight changes in the visual style.\
\
11)	KEY CHANGE: TeXShop is now compiled for ARC (automatic reference\
	counting). This required a lot of work and should make the program more\
	stable in the end.\
\
12)	In single page mode, typesetting caused a brief flash of the first page\
	to appear in the Preview window, before it was replaced by the correct\
	page. This is fixed. \
\
	In continuous page mode, typesetting causes the display window to\
	slowly creep up in some circumstances. This is slightly improved, but not\
	yet completely fixed.\
\
13)	New code by Dirk-Willem van Guik to correctly set a job title on print jobs.\
\
\
\
\
}