{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Version 3.86\
\
1) Chinese localization had overlapping text in Preferences, now fixed.\
\
2) I adopted the following changes\
\

\f1 \cf2 From: Antti Knowles <antti.knowles@unige.ch>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Subject: A few suggested fixes for TeXShop\
Date: August 30, 2017 at 8:11:07 AM PDT\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
a. When using the backwards search by command-clicking in the pdf file, if the cursor is moved only using the keyboard (and not the mouse) and some text selected with the keyboard, the selection colour remains the yellow highlight of the backwards search, instead of the usual selection colour. The usual selection colour only reappears once the mouse has been used to move the cursor.\
\
I added the following code in keyDown to fix it:\
\
if ([_document textSelectionYellow]) \{\
		[_document setTextSelectionYellow: NO];\
		NSMutableDictionary* mySelectedTextAttributes = [NSMutableDictionary dictionaryWithDictionary: [[_document textView] selectedTextAttributes]];\
		[mySelectedTextAttributes setObject:[NSColor colorWithCatalogName: @"System" colorName: @"selectedTextBackgroundColor"] \'a0forKey:@"NSBackgroundColor"];\
		[[_document textView] setSelectedTextAttributes: mySelectedTextAttributes];\
	\}\
\
b. If a latex label contains a space, then the autocomplete feature will show the full label in the list, but when triggered it will only include the label up to the first space.\
\
As a fix, in\'a0insertCompletion I replaced the line\
\
NSRange firstSpace = [word rangeOfString:@" "];
\f0 \

\f2 \
with the line
\f0 \

\f2 \
NSRange firstSpace = [word rangeOfString:@" " options:NSBackwardsSearch];\
\
3) At the suggestion of Tristan Hubsch, modified the placement of "hyperref tooltips" so they don't bleed over the left or right edges of the page.\
\
4) Added .engine and .sh (shell script) as file types which TeXShop can write.\
\
5) At the request of Simon Robinson, added ".bbl" and ".synctex(busy)" to list of files automatically trashed by "trash AUX"\
\
6) Rewrote the Stationery code slightly. Now stationery files, for ~/Library/TeXShop/Stationery, can have either no extension or else any extension EXCEPT\
"comment". The extension is essentially ignored; it is just used to separate stationery from comments. This change was added for users who want to add Markdown stationery.\
\
Note that Stationery is treated just like New files which have never been saved. If they are closed, or typeset, a dialog comes up asking if the file should be saved, and allowing the user to name it and determine its location in the file system. This dialog has a pulldown menu where users can set the file type: to "tex" or "ltx" or "md" or virtually anything else they please. This is the actual moment that the file type is set, not when the stationery extension is set.\
\
7) Rewrite of the Pandoc engines to convert Markdown to HTML and Markdown to pdf. Pandock can convert to many more formats, so similar engines would be easy to make. Also Markdown, often used for easy construction of web pages, can be converted to HTML by many different programs on the internet, and for almost all of them, it is easy to construct an engine file.\
\
8) Added a menu item "Toggle Syntax Color" which only affects the top most document. This slightly changes Preferences. The "Syntax Color" option there sets the default value when documents are first opened; changing it does not affect documents already open.\
\
\
}