{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1128
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 (Both 2.42 and 2.43 were released at the same time. 2.42 is about 64 bits, and 2.43 is about Lion.\
See below for 2.43.)\
\
2.42 runs in 64 bits. The source code uses XCode 4 rather than\
earlier versions of XCode.\
\
During the conversion, I cleaned up the code A LOT. Deprecated calls\
have been replaced by modern calls, and a large number of warning\
messages were dealt with.\
\
In addition, there are the following changes:\
\
a) Tags have been extended slightly to deal with dockstrip documents.\
Thus the tags menu now recognizes\
\
% \\chapter\
% \\section\
% \\subsection\
% \\subsubsection\
% \\begin\{macro\}\
% \\begin\{environment\}\
\
\
b) Both the log file and the console are shown using the document's\
encoding rather than MacRoman encoding. (Encoding defaults to\
MacRoman if the document's encoding doesn't work; mainly this\
might happen with UTF-8 encoding.\
\
c) Latexmk 4.24\
\
\
Version 2.43 is about Lion.\
\
a) Cocoa programmers automatically inherit the ability to recall documents\
that were open when they quit, and restore these documents. Thus if you\
had two TeX documents open when you quit, both documents will appear\
with their windows in exactly the position they were when closed, and source\
scrolled to the exact spot where closed. Also Preview windows will appear\
in exactly the same position they were when closed.\
\
However, small details will not be preserved. For instance, Preview windows\
won't be scrolled to the old spot, but instead will show the document's first page.\
You can use SyncTeX to immediately get back to the old position because\
the source is correctly scrolled. If you selected a different engine than the\
default engine in the Source Toolbar, this selection will not be made, and\
if you opened a document with an encoding different than the default encoding,\
that will not be respected. (IMPORTANT: however, the % !TEX encoding = \
and % !TEX program = magic lines will be preserved, so please use these\
magic lines when you pick engines or encodings that aren't your default\
choices.\
\
I mention all of this because over time these minor flaws will be fixed. I have\
concentrated on other features in the initial release because Apple's \
automatic method for Cocoa works surprisingly well.\
\
b) In Preferences, there are now THREE choices for Finding:\
\
	Apple Find Panel\
	Apple Find Bar\
	Ogrekit Find Panel\
\
The first and third choices work as before. The middle choice is new in Lion,\
and gives Apple's minimal "find bar" at the top of the source window. There is\
a surprising amount of functionality hidden in this minimal bar, so don't \
reject it before a little experimentation. In the initial 2.43 release, the bar\
has exactly the default Apple functionality. In particular, when first bringing\
up the Find Bar, apple-G and apple-shift-G to find more occurrences are\
inactive, and instead these functions must be done using the arrows in the\
bar. Just click on the source to make it active, and then apple-G and apple-shift-G\
work. Similarly it might be nice to have "Find and Replace" in the menu, but they\
are missing in Apple's default menu; instead use the button in the bar. Over\
time, I'll improve this feature.\
\
c) The program implements Apple's AutoSave features. This is off by default.\
To turn it off, check "AutoSave" in Preference Panel under the source tab.\
\
d) Both the Source Window and the Preview Window support full screen mode.\
This make look strange if you have a large monitor, but the feature is wonderful\
on a portable. }