{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TeXShop Changes 3.48.1\
\
1) This version fixes the French localization of 3.48.\
\
\
TeXShop Changes 3.49\
\
2) A new TeXShop Preference item under the Console tab allows users to set the default size and location of the Console Window. To set these values, open a document and use TeXShop\'92s \'93Show Console\'94 menu to bring the console to the foreground. Adjust its size and location as desired. Then open TeXShop Preferences, select the Console tab, choose \'93All consoles start at fixed position\'94 and press the \'93Set with current position\'94 button. Then click \'93OK.\'94\
\
3) The Source <\'97> Preview menu item and associated keyboard shortcut now work in Single Window mode. \
\
4) Fixed item to set document font in French Localization\
\
5) Added hidden preference settings to change the "yellow" highlight color used by inverse sync from the pdf window\
to the source to something else; this is necessary if the user has an unusual color scheme.\
\
	defaults write TeXShop ReverseSyncRed 1.00\
	defaults write TeXShop ReverseSyncGreen 1.00\
	defaults write TeXShop ReverseSyncBlue 0.00\
\
6) Experiment feature: \
\
	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Howdy,\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
I	t appears that the temporary file created with the Source preamble + Experiment window contents, etc., is not saved with the encoding used in the preamble \
\
	% !TEX encoding = ...\
\
	line in the Source file. It also is not saving with the chosen default encoding (UTF-8 Unicode in my case) but seems to be using something else.\
\
	Schulz\
\
	(See also January 6 message with sample source file)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 7) Updated to latexmk 4.42\
\
8) Makeindex failed on files with multiple dots in the name; now fixed.\
\
(*9) Movie auto download\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 *10) Double of directory hierarchy in drop down list Meiss\
(Decided not to fix this one. Cannot reproduce the problem on Yosemite.)\
\
\
\
\
\
}