{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 3.41 has the following changes:\
\
1) In the source code, a few localized files weren't in the expected\
directory, but were scattered in the Source folder and elsewhere.\
I believe all such cases are fixed.\
\
2) In previous versions, localized versions of English documents\
in the Help Menu, and localized versions of the TeXShop Help Panel,\
were provided in the localized folders EVEN WHEN THE DOCUMENTS\
HAD NOT BEEN TRANSLATED. I've removed those duplicates\
because I believe that the English version will be used when a \
localized version is not available. The TeXShop zip file size decreased\
from over 90 MB to just over 50 MB.\
\
3) Christian Icking discovered that TeXShop became inoperative (or\
sometimes crashed) when opening a file containing\
\
	% !TEX root = \
\
but with no non-space characters after the equal sign. This bug\
is fixed.\
\
4) Typesetting for Experiment is more robust. It now uses the\
Preference settings for pdflatex and simpdftex latex and the\
personallatex setting. If the user's pulldown menu is set\
to latex, the three choices of  1) pdflatex, 2) tex + dvi, 3) personal\
script are obeyed. This should make the command work for\
TeX in Japan.\
\
5) The commands Next Source Window and Previous Source Window\
in the Window menu again work, and do not bring up "ghosts" of\
closed windows.\
\
6) Added two commands, Use One Window and Use Separate Windows,\
to gather the source and preview windows into one vertically split window,\
and to break this window apart into two separate windows. This is particularly\
useful when going to full screen mode, since the source and preview are\
both on the screen. The procedure works for stand along projects, but in\
projects with a root file and several chapter files, only the root source\
can be switched to Single Window mode.\
\
7) In the previous version, the Indent and Unindent commands were\
modified to insert spaces rather than tabs in the source. A few users\
preferred tabs. There is now a hidden preference item for them. To use\
tabs rather than spaces when indenting, \
\
	defaults write TeXShop TabIndent YES\
\
8) Yusuke Terada added a new menu item to the Edit menu, "Character Info."\
If several characters are selected in the source, this item provides a\
temporary balloon over the selection giving the Unicode values of each character.\
It also counts characters, words, and sentences. If just one character is selected,\
the balloon gives a magnified view of that character, and provides its unicode\
name and code. The feature can handle glyphs defined by two or three\
unicode characters.\
\
}