{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Version 3.88\
\
Two users have complained about adding .bbl to the types automatially removed by "Trash AUX Files". So I removed it. This change is \\in version 3.78\
\
The Synctex parser could crash due to an integer roundoff problem. This problem was diagnosed by Yusuke Terada, who provided a fix.\
\
At the suggestion of Masson Thierry and for users of Beamer, \\frametitle items are automatically added to the tags menu.\
\
Masson Thierry also suggested adding a new "magic line"\
\
	% !TEX pdfSinglePage\
\
This line would be used in Beamer documents, forcing them to display single pages of pdf output even when the default is continuous scrolling through all pages of the document. I took this suggestion.\
\
Finally, Masson suggested a list of all possible magic lines. This is provided in a changed Macros file. The current Macros contains three beautiful items called "Program", "Encoding", and "Root" by Ramon Figueroa-Centeno. These insert the required macro near the top of the document, replacing any existing line which sets the same item. They provide lists of appropriate choices so the user need not guess engine names, encoding names, or root document names.\
\
In the new Macros, this is followed by an item named "Magic Lines" for all remaining choices of magic lines, These macros insert magic lines at the current location of the cursor in the source file. In some cases, the user must provide appropriate parameters. So they aren't as beautiful as Ramon's, but should nevertheless remove the requirement that users remember the syntax of magic lines.\
\
See the "About This Release" document to obtain these new macros. \
}