{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 3.47 has the following changes:\
\
\
1) One pixel height increase for the Templates toolbar item in some localizations\
\
2) Yet more fixes for scrolling keyboard shortcuts in the Preview window:\
\
	a) TeXShop has always enhanced the left and right arrow keys to provide\
	paging if there is no horizontal scroll bar. This code is still present.\
\
	b) Otherwise, recent versions of TeXShop tried to fix a Yosemite bug in\
	which scrolling paged in the wrong direction when scrolling by a full page.\
	This bug occurs in Single Page and Double Page\
	modes, but not in Multiple Page or Double Multiple Page modes.\
\
	The new code only fixes the bug in Single Page and Double Page modes,\
	reverting to the old behavior in the non-broken modes. Moreover, the new\
	code only fixes the bug in Yosemite and above. If Apple fixes the bug,\
	the fix can be turned off completely. The hidden default\
\
	defaults write TeXShop YosemiteScrollBug NO\
\
	turns the fix off\
\
3) If TeXShop is quit without closing windows then the windows will be restored \
to their old positions when TeXShop is restarted. Initially, only the Source Window \
was restored, but in recent TeXShop versions the Preview window is  restored as well. \
\
If the user has multiple monitors, the Source window is restored to the monitor\
it was on when TeXShop was closed, but the Preview window was always\
restored to the main monitor. This is fixed and now the Preview window also\
appears on the monitor it was originally on.}