{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The changes in 3.12 - 314 are as follows:\
\
	Versions 3.12 and 3.13 were never released, but many people downloaded\
	3.12 to fix bugs in 3.11 when they reported these bugs to me.\
\
	1) There is now a Preference interface to change the source text color;\
	changing the source background color was already there.\
\
	2) Latexmk 4.34; now Latexmk 4.35\
\
	3) New engine, sepdflatexmk.engine, in TeXShop/Engines/Inactive/Latexmk\
	This version of pdflatexmk sets --shell-escape in situations when\
	packages are used which call external programs. Thanks to Herbert\
	Schulz.\
\
	4) Two bugs were fixed by Yusuke Terada. First, the encoding popup\
	button failed in the file open dialog. That is fixed. Second, \
	problems in the CommentOrIntendForTag code were found\
	and fixed. \
\
	5) Fix for bug showing extra blank source window when opening\
	eps, pdf, jpg files, and when using TeXShop with an external\
	editor. This fix only applies to Mountain Lion and above because\
	the bug only appeared there.\
\
	6) New icons for program, TeX files, and PDF files. The old icons\
	were by Jerome Laurens and I prefer them to the new ones, but\
	I don't have source and full icon sets are now needed, particularly\
	for Retina displays. Others sent me sample icons which looked\
	good enlarged, but not so familiar in the dock. The new icons\
	may change, but they are the best I could do now. Created with\
	the program Sketch.\
\
	7) Fixed a bug in Mountain Lion where selecting a portion of the\
	pdf file left garbage on the screen.\
\
	8) Added Sharing support when TeXShop runs on Mountain Lion.\
	Both the Source Window and Toolbar Window have an extra\
	sharing button. It may be necessary to select this button using\
	the Customize Toolbar command to make it appear.\
\
	If a section of source text is selected when the button in the\
	source toolbar is clicked, the system will offer to share this\
	text. If no text is selected, the system will offer to share the\
	entire source file.\
\
	If a section of the output page is selected when the button in\
	the preview toolbar is clicked (this is the type of selection\
	which drags a pdf clipping elsewhere), the system will offer\
	to share this selection. If there is no selection, the system\
	will offer to share the entire output pdf file.\
\
	The places offered for sharing depends on the data. For\
	instance, it does not make sense to post an entire pdf	\
	document on Facebook.\
\
	In all cases, the system will offer to share in Email, or by\
	Message, or by Air Drop. It will offer to share various selections\
	in Twitter, Facebook, Flickr, and perhaps elsewhere. Note that\
	some services must be activated in Apple's System Preferences\
	before sharing can take place.\
\
	9) New metapost engines by Nicola Vitacolonna\
}