{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2.38 Changes\
\
1) Version 422e of Latexmk\
\
2) The Help menu now contains a link to a wonderful document by Herbert Shultz called\
"TeXShop Tips & Tricks." This document describes a number of useful TeXShop\
features like working with large documents, bibdesk, pdflatexmk, editing shortcuts,\
auto completion, and command completion.  \
\
3) New Chinese localization by Linus Yang, laokongzi@gmail.com. Thanks!\
\
4) A small bug fix: when a TeX source window is closed, the pdf Preview\
window is also closed. In previous versions, the pdf preview window\
closed automatically when the nib file was released, but this could cause\
crashes in a small number of cases. In Lion, the corresponding crash\
happened always, leading to a rapid discovery of the problem. This\
fix may help stability on earlier systems, and is required for Lion.\
\
5) Version 2.38 contains a number of wonderful additions by Yusuke Terada,\
taylorkgb@gmail.com. Terada works for a company in Tokyo, and implemented\
changes requested by workers in the company. His code is impressive and\
elegant. Many, many thanks!\
\
Most of Terada's changes are activated by new items in the TeXShop Preference\
Panel, which are turned off by default. So users need to turn these items on to\
experiment with them, and can easily return to the old behavior if desired.\
\
A) Show Invisible Characters: TeXShop can now show ordinary space characters,\
Japanese full width space characters, tab characters, and newline characters, all\
in the source window. Preference items turn each choice on or off, so users can\
display newlines and tabs, but not spaces.\
\
B) Much better handling of parentheses: \{ and \}, ( and ), [ and ], and < and >. \
When such a pair is closed, the matching opening parenthesis is marked with\
clearly visible color, and the entire section between these parentheses is colored\
yellow. This yellow color remains until another character is typed, and then it\
vanishes. Thus it is much easier to close a parenthesis and then stop and make sure\
the scope of that parenthesis pair is correct. By default, this feature is on when, but\
it can be turned off in Preferences.\
\
C) If a parenthesis is typed with not matching pair, the computer beeps, or\
if desired the screen flashes. This feature is off by default and must be turned on\
in preferences. \
\
D) I have been recommending that users turn on the preference "All windows start\
at fixed position" for both source and preview windows. But by default, the\
preference setting is "Remember last position on close." Because I do not use the\
default setting, it was not implemented very well.\
\
Terada has improved the default greatly. New windows now appear just down and to the right\
of the previous window, as Apple's Interface Guidelines recommend. It is best to try the\
new code to get a feel for the improvement.\
\
Note that if you use the "All windows start at fixed position" setting, Terada's changes\
do not apply and TeXShop works as it always has.\
\
E) TeXShop uses the default Cocoa behavior for window titles. Let me explain this default\
before explaining Terada's changes. Suppose a source file is titled "Dual.tex". Then the title\
at the top of the source window will read "Dual.tex" and the title at the top of the preview\
window will read "Dual.pdf". If you click on either title while holding the Command Key down,\
a pull down menu will appear listing the various components of the full path to the file. Choosing\
one of these items will open the corresponding folder in the Finder. In this way, it is very easy\
to go to the actual source or output file in the File system.\
\
The window titles are also listed in TeXShop's "Window" menu. Selecting a window title there\
will bring the corresponding Window to the front.\
\
All this is fine except for one kind of work flow. Suppose you have folders named Sample1,\
Sample2, Sample3, and Sample4, and suppose each folder contains two files: a file\
named Data and a file named Graph. Suppose your master document includes\
Sample1/Data and Sample3/Data. If your master and both data files are open on your desktop, \
you may want to switch from one file to another using the Window menu. But this menu will list\
two files with the same name: Data. It would be much better if it listed Sample1/Data and\
Sample3/Data so you could keep them straight.\
\
Terada's change makes this possible. The source window toolbar contains an optional checkbox \
item named "Show Full Path"; this item must be added using "Customize Toolbar\'85" and isn't in\
the default toolbar.  Checking this item will cause the source and preview windows to list \
the full path to files rather than just the title of the files. Moreover, this full path will be listed in\
the Window menu.\
\
Full path can be turned on or off on a file by file basis, so some files can show the full path\
while others show only the window title. The default checkbox state in a new window will\
be the state last set by the user. Thus a user who always wants full path can check one file\
and then forget it, even if quitting and restarting TeXShop. \
\
F) A new menu item in the TeXShop Help menu is proved, named "Open Style File\'85" This\
item will open any style file in the texmf trees visible to TeX and LaTeX. This command uses\
"kpsetool" to find such style files, but the tool can be changed in a new Engine file preference.\
\
G) A new preference "BibTeX Engine" is provided listing the default BibTeX engine. This\
default is mainly present for users in Japan, because these users have access to\
\
	bibtex, jbibtex, pbibtex, and ubibtex\
\
H) New hidden preference items named "backgroundAlpha" and "ConsoleBackgroundAlpha" are\
provided. For example, the following commands will provide source windows with translucent\
backgrounds:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 $ defaults write TeXShop SourceWindowAlpha 0.9\
$ defaults write TeXShop backgroundAlpha 0.6\
\
(Actually my experiments show that both of these preference items are irrelevant, and the\
old SourceWindowAlpha and ConsoleWindowAlpha, documented in TeXShop Help, are\
enough to make transparent windows. I'll keep this H) in the change document 'just in case.')\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
I) Syntax coloring has been changed slightly. Previously, the @ symbol ended a TeX command,\
so \\@this will only color \\@. But now it doesn't, so for example, every character of the following line\
will be colored:\
\
\\ifx\\@@input\\@undefined\\let\\@@input\\input\\fi\
\
This will mainly affect users editing style files. \
\
We suspect that most users won't notice the change, and those who notice will like it. But\
the old behavior can be restored with a hidden preference:\
\
	defaults write TeXShop MakeatletterEnabled NO\
\
J) Two new items were added to the Window menu: "Next Source Window" and "Previous\
Source Window". These cycle through source windows without changing the Preview Window.\
\
K) That's all folks! Many thanks to Yusuke Terada.\
\
6) Revised the ConTeXt-MKIV.engine and the document "About the Inactive Folder" in\
TeXShop/Engines/Inactive to indicate that users must run the following command ONCE\
in Terminal before using this engine:\
\
	luatools --generate\
\
7) A minor bug fix to the "Uncomment" command by Yusuke Terada: previously, TeXShop removed\
empty uncommented lines, but now it doesn't.\
\
8) The next addition is by Alvise Trevisan,  A.Trevisan@few.vu.nl\
In previous versions of TeXShop, if you type begin\{itemize\} (or \\begin\{\}\} or a number of other\
typical fragments) and then push the Escape key, the corresponding \\end\{itemize\} will appear\
on the following line and it is only necessary to fill in the intermediate lines. Unfortunately, if the\
opening \\begin\{itemize\} is indented, the indentation is not preserved for the corresponding\
\\end\{itemize\}. But with Trevisan's modification, it is preserved.\
\
9) Added extensions .bcf and .run.xml to Files->Trash Aux Files. This is needed to switch\
from biber to bibtex, for latexmk.\
\
10) Alan Munn, amunn@gmx.com, updated the Help Files\
\
	advanced_otherfiles, advanced_syntaxcolor, basic_preferences\
\
and I also revised\
\
	advanced_removeaux\
\
Alan's formatting is easier to read than the formatting of other help files, but this introduces some\
inconsistency in the appearance of help pages. We hope other pages will be reformatted over time.\
\
11) Added the ability to edit box, cox, and lbx files, used by biblatex.\
\
12) Added syntax coloring for bbx, cbx, and lbx files.\
\
\
----------------------------------------\
\
(These changes were added after the initial release to localizers)\
\
13) In Source menu, new "Show Invisible Characters" item\
\
14) In the Preference "Invisible Characters" section, a new "On by Default" box to control state when windows are first opened\
\
15) The Open Style File panel has been revised, and now individual items are localized:\
\
	a) title: Kpsetool\
\
	b) text: "Style File Name (lower case is usually best)\
\
	c) buttons: Cancel OK\
\
16) Modification by Terada for Japan; UTF-8-Mac automatically converted to UTF-8\
when ptexUtfOutputEnabled.\
\
17) Herb Schulz adapted Alvise Trevisan's code to the rest of Command Completion.\
\
18) The items under the Edit menu's Substitutions submenu can be turned on or off.\
TeXShop now remembers the last setting. Newly opened files will have these settings,\
and the settings will be remembered even if TeXShop quits.\
\
(Warning: Only Copy/Paste is supported in 10.4. In addition, Link Detection and Quote \
Substitution are supported by 10.5. Support for other items, and in particular Text\
Substitution, requires 10.6.)\
\
19) latexmk 4.23\
\
20) Added\
\
	% !!TeX spellcheck = de-DE\
\
This selects the language which the spell checker should use on that particular document.\
After typing this command, the file must be saved and reloaded, since the command is\
recognized when the file is read. Each include file in a project must have the line. \
Files without the line use the default spellchecker methods, and the command works\
on a file-by-file basis. So users can work on English and Spanish documents simultaneously.\
\
The description of languages is apparently a universal convention; TeXShop uses whatever\
the Apple spellchecker (and presumably other checkers like CocoAspell) use.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}