{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 FOR 2.28:\
\
1) When using SyncTeX from source to Preview, the preview window now comes forward. \
\
2) Many changes in TeXShop Help, to remove all references to teTeX, to add a help section on encoding, and to separate the section on Engine files into one section on General Engine Files, and a second section of XeTeX specifically.\
\
3) Slight improvements in the Program, Encoding, and Root macro files by Ram\'f3n M. Figueroa-Centeno.\
\
4) -synctex=1 was added to XeTeX and XeLaTeX engines\
\
5) Revised the Hiero engine to deal with new installation instructions on the web page\
\
6) Fixed a bug which broke SyncTeX when filenames contained unicode characters\\\
\
7) Trash AUX files now trashes .synctex and .synctex.gz files\
\
8) Script for mptopdf changed to much more extensive script by Nicola Vitacolonna. This script, and one for metafun, are in the inactive folder of the Engines folder. But the metapost script is also used internally, replacing the original naive script. \
\
9) An extra source preference named "Arabic, Persian, Hebrew" has been added. This item only works if Syntax Coloring is active. When the new item is activated, lines in the source which contain characters from these languages --- i.e., characters in the range 0x0590 - 0x06FF -- are right justified on the screen. This does not change the source processed by the TeX engine.\
\
10) Removed command line equivalents for "Bold" and "Italic"\
\
11) Removed "package" check for file types tex, ctx, bst, drv, abc, ly, texi, Rnw. Now no file types have "package" checked.\
\
12) A small number of German localization fixes\
\
13) The keyboard command to trash AUX files also works if the console or preview window are active\
\
14) If the shift key is held down while selecting "Trash AUX Files", then the pdf preview file is also trashed. This key can be held in combination with option or not, depending on the choice of aggressive trash. However, aggressive trashing with the shift key down will NOT remove other pdf files (!)\
\
FOR 2.29:\
\
1) Revised SyncTeX. The code now has an embedded copy of "synctex" from TeX Live 2008, so it is independent of synctex changes in TeX Live 2009. (Note that synctex is the script by Jerome to interprete synctex output, NOT the actual technology to produce this data). The INTEL version of the embedded file also has information to interprete files produced by dvips, but the POWERPC version does not. So on INTEL, synctex works also with dvips stuff. In the original TeXShop in TeX Live 2009, the embedded code didn't have POWERPC code, causing crashes on powerpc. This is fixed. Also the new stuff for dvips was slightly broken and is now fixed.\
\
\
\
\
\
}