{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 3.44 has the following changes\
\
1) In single and double page modes in Yosemite, the keyboard shortcuts to\
page down and up, namely space and shift-space, are reversed. Similarly,\
the page down and page up keys, and the page down and page up arrows\
are reversed. Yusuke Terada fixed this behavior.\
\
Note that there are no changes in multpage and double-multipage modes,\
since Yosemite did not introduce errors in these cases.\
\
2) A very serious bug caused TeXShop to crash immediately after typesetting\
for a few people. This bug turns out to be related to the outline view in the\
drawer for the preview window. It only affected people using hyperref,\
and in circumstances that were difficult for me to trigger. Five people reported\
this crash, all with the same crash log, before I finally got a source document\
from one of them that I could reproduce on my machine.\
\
This bug should now be fixed.\
\
3) Yusuke Terada noticed that the scroll bars in the text window are configured\
to bounce slightly at the ends, and this can lead to windows in which the first\
and last lines of text are not reachable. He fixed this by turning off bouncing\
in the source window.\
\
I\'92m happy with the fix, but didn\'92t run into the problem in my machine.  It is a little\
disconcerting to see bounces using the preview scroll bar, but no bounces using\
the source scroll bar. So temporarily I\'92ve introduced a hidden preference to\
turn on Yusuke\'92s fix:\
\
	defaults write TeXShop SourceScrollElasticity NO\
\
The default is to allow this elasticity.\
\
Also mention\
\
	defaults write TeXShop FixLineNumberScroll NO \
\
and \'93Lion Problem\'94\
\
4) A lot of mailing list messages discuss poor antialiasing of the pdf window\
under Yosemite. Some users say the pdf window is initially blurred, but\
can be improved by slight resizing. Yusuke Terada also provided a fix\
for this. I\'92m worried that this fix may degrade performance with large files,\
so that fix too requires setting a hidden preference:\
\
	defaults write TeXShop FixPreviewBlur YES \
\
I wouldn\'92t call this the final word on the issue. We\'92ll continue investigating\
and perhaps find a more permanent cause and repair.\
\
5) Another way to handle the interpolation problem is to adjust the antialiasing\
interpolation value. This can be done system-wide or locally for TeXShop. In Apple\'92s\
System Preferences with the General Pane, the last item is \'93Use LCD Font\
Smoothing When Available\'94. It isn\'92t clear to me what this does, but some users\
claim improvements in the blurring problem by turning it off.\
\
TeXShop also has a Preferences Item under the Preview Tab called\
\'93Smooth text and line art.\'94 This item wasn\'92t originally designed to deal\
with antialiasing. Instead, a user had an illustration with very thin lines. The\
lines appeared in Adobe Acrobat, but not in TeXShop, except when using\
a Retina Display. Turning on antialiasing made them visible.\
\
However, this antialiasing may be useful in adjusting the blurring problem. \
If antialiasing is turned on in TeXShop, then five different interpolation values\
can be set. Older versions of TeXShop used \'93NSImageInterpolationHigh\'94. Version\
3.44 has a hidden preference setting which allows users the adjust the value:\
\
	defaults write TeXShop InterpolationValue 3\
\
The default value for this setting is 3. The possible values are\
\
	0 = NSImageInterpolationDefault\
	1 = NSImageInterpolationNone\
	2 = NSImageInterpolationLow\
	4 = NSImageInterpolationMedium\
	3 = NSImageInterpolationHigh\
\
These names are from Apple\'92s API documentation, and the last two values are\
not switched but instead are listed correctly.\
\
6) Frankly, a much better way to solve the problem is to choose a different default\
font set using Michael Sharp\'92s macros.\
\
7) Fixed the bug in which \'93aggressive trash AUX files\'94 removed files in .git hidden directories\
for folders under source control. Now aggressive trash AUX does not look into any\
hidden folders.\
\
8) Fixed autosave for preview window\
}