{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 FOR 2.32:\
\
1) Added a new directory to ~/Library/TeXShop, namely ~/Library/TeXShop/New. This directory contains files from ~/Library/TeXShop that are new or changed in this version, so users can upgrade ~/Library/TeXShop without recreating any folders. \
\
The New folder contains a small file named Version.txt listing the version of TeXShop which created the folder. If the version listed is smaller than the current version of TeXShop (presumably newly downloaded), or if Version.txt is missing entirely, then New is recreated from scratch. Thus if a user sometimes runs the latest version of TeXShop and sometimes runs an earlier version, the New folder will correspond to the latest version run.\
\
2) The bin, scripts, and engines/inactive directories are always updated, even if they already exist. This update does not remove files; it only writes new files and folders known to TeXShop, or updates existing files and folders known to TeXShop. \
\
3) Herb modified latexmk files so upgrading will happen automatically with new TeXShop updates. In this release, latexmk will continue working if the user does nothing. To get the new version, users need to update all of the latexmk engines that they activated. If they also edited latexmkrc files, then they need to read Herb's document in TeXShop/Engines/Inactive/latexmk carefully.\
\
4) Fixed a bug in which the warning dialog "You must typeset before printing", when closed by hitting the close button or escape, caused TeXShop to hand. This bug was reported by Tomas Zahradnicky.\
\
5) Improved Spanish localization by Juan Luis Varona\
\
6) Universal flip binary in bin, rather than the ppc only version previously there\
\
7) Fixed a bug reported by Michael Sharpe. \
\
"1. Open a .tex file that has a .pdf associated to it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 2. In the preview window, open the drawer and enter some text in to find.\
3. Select one of the found items, so it is highlighted in the preview window.\
4. Close the drawer.\
5. Close the source window before closing the preview window."\
\
8) Accepted code by Scott Lambert to improve Comment/Uncomment and Indent/Unindent\
\
9) Added fdb_labexmk to the extensions automatically removed by "Trash AUX Files"\
\
TO DO\
\
1) Ramon's new macro\
}