{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2.41 Changes, Almost All Due To Yusuke\
\
1) A new menu item, "Close Current Environment" closes the closest open\
environment to the cursor.\
\
2) A new menu item, "Auto Completion" with subitems\
\
	"Toggle On/Off"\
	"Edit Auto Completion File\'85"\
\
The first item turns Auto Completion on or off on a document by document\
basis, duplicating the function of the optional "Auto Completion" toolbar item.\
The second, provided by Yusuke, is a build-in editor for the Auto Completion File.\
\
3) The old "Completion" menu is retitled "Command Completion" and its\
parallel item to open the completion file is retitled "Edit Command Completion File\'85";\
this item is reordered to be the last element in the submenu\
\
The result is that Auto Completion and Command Completion are both mentioned\
in the interface, and become "parallel facilities."\
\
4) The old "Auto Completion" name is unfortunate. Users confuse "AutoCompletion"\
with "Command Completion". Consequently at Herb Schulz' suggestion, we renamed\
AutoCompletion to "Key Bindings". This change was made throughout the interface,\
but not internally in TeXShop code, so programmers still need to know that\
AutoCompletion is the same thing as Key Bindings. Users don't need to do anything\
to switch. In some Localizations, the facility may still be named AutoCompletion.\
\
5) latexmk 4.23a\
\
6) The default preferences listing Unix calls for the various engines are too long\
for the Preference Pane. So instead, buttons named "Default" are provided. Clicking\
a button fills in the preference with the default value. As always, choose "Cancel"\
to reject all Preference changes if a mistake is made.	\
\
7) At the request of Gabriel Zachmann,\
when a non-empty selection exists in the source code, the Statistics panel\
only counts words and lines in that selection. Otherwise, it counts all words\
and lines in the source.}