{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 FOR 2.31:\
\
1) Add "close" override to PdfWindow class, so document's pdf file closes if the user closes only the Preview Window\
\
2) Slight improvement in Context and MetaPost help section.\
\
3) New latexmk material\
\
4) Goto Error is improved and now highlights the text in the console before the error, rather than an entire line containing the error.\
\
5) Added a new menu item, "Abort Typesetting", with a keyboard shortcut that works when any window is active\
\
6) The Abort button has recently stopped working for ConTeXt. This is probably due to revised calling conventions for ConTeXt\
within TeX Live. Steffen Wolfrum complained about this problem, and later made the astonishing discovery that if the tcsh shell\
script in TeXShop which calls ConTeXt is replaced with a bash shell script, the problem goes away. This change is made in\
TeXShop 2.31.\
\
7) French localization of "Completion" and "Mark" by Rene Fritz\
\
8) The default KeyEquivalents.plist in ~/Library/TeXShop/Menus was defective; among other things, it had embedded comments\
within comments, which is illegal. The file has been fixed. The method of changing default shortcuts is limited, however: the OgreKit\
Find Panel menu items are handled in a special way and cannot be changed by this method; the Macro menu items are controlled\
by the Macro code and cannot be changed by this method, although they can be changed with TeXShop's built-in Macro Editor;\
the File items are sometimes overridden by Cocoa so shortcut changes in that menu can have unintended consequences. \
\
9) Fixed the notorious "toolbar incorrectly drawn bug". This bug occurred when the Preview toolbar contained a "mouse mode matrix", but this\
matrix was offscreen because the window was too narrow to contain it. Sometimes the toolbar was only half visible, and sometimes it\
was completely empty. The bug is fixed.\
\
10) Fixed a bug reported by Cesar Rivas: when the Default Page Style was "Single Page", the toolbar scale reported the wrong value,\
and thus zoom in and zoom out started from the wrong values. In the process of fixing this bug, I removed "firstView" in favor of\
stronger code.\
\
11) A new sagetex engine by Dan Drake, easier to install, because SageTeX is now part of sage. Moreover, sage commands are not\
rerun by the engine if the only source changes in the source were outside the ``sage command sections.''\
\
12) Fixed an obscure bug reported by Jean-Michel Bismut: he got intermittent crashes when closing the Preview window with command-W or\
clicking the red close circle. Jean-Michel uses an external editor, which may or may not be related to the problem. I could never reproduce\
this bug, but found a possible cause and Jean-Michel reports that the bug has vanished.\
\
13) New vesion of csv2latex in ~/Library/TeXShop/bin, used by the "Paste Spreadsheet Cells" macro, with improved error handling.\
\
After release, two changes were made:\
\
14) Fixed a crash when compiled using 10.5 API's; closing any of the help documents crashed the program. Fixed.\
\
15) Fixed a crash caused by 1). Now when control-1 opens a closed pdf file, the contents of the file are restored.\
\
TO DO\
\
}