{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf330
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In TeXShop 2.16 through 2.18:\
\
1) Added a new Preference item under the Typesetting tab. The preference is called "After Typesetting" and the choices are "Bring Preview Forward" and "Continue Editing." The first item activates the Preview window after typesetting and brings it forward, as TeXShop has behaved in the past. When the "Continue Editing" item is activated, typesetting updates the contents of the Preview window but leaves the Edit window active with the editing cursor blinking. This makes it possible to typeset, glance over to check that things look right, and continue editing. This option is particularly useful on large monitors which can show the full contents of both windows.\
\
2) Added support for SyncTeX. SyncTeX is new synchronization technology by Jerome Laurens which is included in TeX Live 2008 (but not earlier TeX distributions). The technology is built directly into pdfTeX and XeTeX. In modern TeX distributions, most typesetting actually calls pdfetex (even if using latex to output a dvi file), and thus the technology is available for such typesetting.\
\
To use the technology, add the flag\
\
	--synctex=-1\
\
to the command line call to TeX. For example, in TeXShop Preferences under the Engine tab, the lines specifying pdfTeX for Tex and pdfLaTeX should read\
\
	pdftex --shell-escape --synctex=1\
\
	pdflatex --shell-escape --synctex=1\
\
A similar flag should be added to appropriate engine scripts. The TeXShop defaults for these preferences already include this flag for pdftex and pdflatex, but not for other engine files. If the flag is included and an older version of TeX is called, typesetting will still occur (TeX will report in console that it does not understand the flag.)\
\
The flag causes TeX to output an additional "synctex" file during typesetting, containing information linking the TeX source file(s) to the TeX pdf file. This file is similar to the old pdfsync file generated by the older PdfSync technology, but with the very significant difference that line and page breaks are no longer changed when outputting the data.\
\
Laurens also wrote a command line program named "synctex" which is included in TeX Live 2008; when this program is called with a request for appropriate synchronization data, the program parses the synctex file and outputs appropriate data.\
\
To activate SyncTeX support in TeXShop, go to TeXShop Preferences under the Misc tab and select "SyncTeX" as the "Sync Method." This is the default value if you are installing TeXShop for the first time.\
\
If SyncTeX synchronization is chosen, user interaction is exactly the same as in the old Search method. Hold down the command key while clicking at a spot in the source document. The Preview window will become active and the corresponding spot will be circled in red. Or hold down the command key while clicking at a spot in the Preview window. The source window will become active and the corresponding TeX input commands will be highlighted in yellow.\
\
When these commands are used,TeXShop will fall back on the old Search method if SyncTeX does not find an appropriate synchronization. The most common cause for SyncTeX failure is the absence of a synctex file, which will certainly happen when the file is typeset with an older distribution. Thus users can switch between TeX Live 2007 and TeX Live 2008 without changing their synchronization preference.\
\
A few users might like to test TeXShop's SyncTeX support without being confused by calls to the old Search synchronization method. To simplify this test, there is a new hidden preference which forces synchronization to use only SyncTeX:\
\
	defaults write TeXShop SyncTeXOnly YES\
\
Support for SyncTeX was added to TeXShop 2.18 at the last moment. Synctex is now used in both directions, and is generally much better than the old search synchronization. But many improvements should be possible as I digest what Jerome has provided.\
\
Many thanks to Jerome Laurens for this wonderful work. I think you will notice an immediate improvement.\
\
\
3) Added encodings ISOLatinGreek, MacCentralEurRoman, and WindowsLatin2 (i.e., WindowsCentralEurRoman).\
\
	The names of the encodings are\
\
		Greek (ISO 8859-7)\
		Mac Central European Roman\
		Central European (ISO Latin 2)\
		Central European Roman (Windows)\
\
	and the %!TEX encoding = *** abbreviations are\
\
		IsoLatinGreek\
		Mac Central European Roman\
		ISOLatin2\
		WindowsCentralEurRoman\
\
4) In\
\
	%!TEX encoding =\
	%!TEX root =\
	%!TEX TS-program =\
	%!TEX projectfile = \
\
allow a space between % and ! for better formatting, and to remove %! postscript ambiguity. The old syntax without the space is, of course, also supported.\
\
\
5) Added code by Adam Maxwell to permit BibDesk Completions; this is controlled by a new Preference Setting. By default, it is not activated.\
\
\
6) Fixed French nib file so Typeset menu works again (there are no longer simultaneous checks on "PdfTeX" and "TeX & Ghostscript").\
\
\
7) Fixed tab settings, so now changing tab spacing in Preferences works correctly.\
\
\
8) Command-T now typesets even when the console window is active.\
\
\
9) Fixed pdf updating. If a user has an external editor and uses TeXShop to display pdf output, and if the "Automatic Preview Update" preference is set, then whenever the pdf file is updated, TeXShop reads and displays the latest version, activating the pdf window when it does so. There is a hidden preference item named "BringPdfFrontOnAutomaticUpdate". If this is set to "NO", then the preview window is supposed to be updated but not brought forward. Recently, the preview window did this, but didn't display the new content until the user manually activated it. This is fixed.\
\
10) Instead of separate commands to display each of George Gratzer's symbol tables, there is one command to display all of the tables in one document. It is much easier to find a symbol if you can scroll through tables rather than guessing which table has the desired symbol.\
\
11) Modified default LaTeX macros to bring them up to date.\
\
}