{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The changes in 3.19 are as follows:\
\
	0) latexmk 4.37\
\
	1) There is a new hidden preference: WatchServer. The command\
\
		defaults write TeXShop WatchServer NO\
\
	disables the patch by Ulrich Bauer to make TeXShop interact better with\
	server machines, and reread files after they are changed on the server.\
\
	This patch doesn't work if the user attempts to disable automatic saving\
	in OS X. The hidden preference setting disables it to return to the old\
	treatment.\
\
	1a) Incidentally, the user turned off automatic saving for all applications via\
\
		\'a0defaults write -g ApplePersistence -bool no\
\
	2) Shortly after hearing of this problem, Bauer modified his patch,\
	and the hidden preference is no longer needed. But we'll leave it\
	there, "just in case."\
\
	The problem was that Apple provided TWO ways to disable\
	automatic saving:\
\
		ApplePersistence = NO\
\
		AutoSaveEnabled = NO\
\
	and the previous code only checked for the second. now the patch\
	disables checking the server if either of these items has been set.\
\
	Unhappily Bauer's new patch turned of automatic saving, so it has been\
	temporarily disabled. The old patch is active, and can be turned off\
	with the hidden preference.\
\
	3) The Sage engine was rewritten and the document about\
	interacting with Sage was updated.\
\
	4) We added a new hidden preference\
\
		defaults write TeXShop AutoSaveEnabled NO\
\
	to turn off auto saving. This will cause crashes on Lion, but is\
	safe on Mountain Lion.\
\
	5) Due to email from Basil Grammaticos, we investigated AutoCompletion\
	in TeXShop. TeXShop first tries to autocomplet expressions using it's own\
	editable list. For example, try\
\
	\\begin\{d\
\
	and press ESC.\
\
	But if no completion is found, then Cocoa provides a different list of\
	completions, most from the spell checker.\
\
	Bascil pointed out that TextEdit also looks for possible completions\
	in the surrounding text, and lists these first. This feature has now been\
	added to TeXShop.\
\
	This addition turned up the surprising fact that the key autocompletion\
	routine is used by BibDesk to find citation matches. In that code, when\
	BibDesk did not find a match, then it asked the spell checker for a list\
	of completions. But in Cocoa, the routine in question is in NSTextView,\
	overridden by TSTextView. It turns out that Apple already extended the\
	NSTextView code to look for matches in the surrounding text. So instead\
	of calling the spell checker, TeXShop just calls super with the\
	resulting call when there is no BibDesk match.\
\
}