{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh20380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The changes in version 3.05 are:\
\
a) There is a new folder in ~/Library/TeXShop/CommandCompletion named\
"GratzerMathCC". This folder contains a file named "CommandCompletion.txt",\
which users can activate by dragging it to the top level of CommandCompletion,\
replacing the file there now. This file contains extra command completions\
by George Gratzer for mathematical typesetting. The GratzerMathCC folder\
also contains a pdf file documenting the new completions.\
\
b) Added a patch for syntax coloring submitted by Daniel Toundykov. This\
patch fixes a bug introduced around version 2.10 which made it impossible to\
change the foreground and background colors of the source window without\
breaking syntax coloring. Thus users can now change these colors using\
existing TeXShop commands.\
\
To change the source background\
\
	defaults write TeXShop background_R 0.25\
\
(with similar changes for background_G and background_B).\
\
To change the source foreground\
\
	defaults write TeXShop foreground_R 1.00\
\
(with similar changes for green and blue)\
\
To change the color of the insertion point\
\
	defaults write TeXShop insertionpoint_R 0.00\
\
(with similar changes for green and blue)\
\
Note that Macros/Applescript/ has two commands to illustrate this:\
\
	Colored source\
	Default Colored source\
\
c) When TeXShop typesets, it first saves the source document if there\
have been editing changes. With AutoSave enabled, TeXShop 3.**\
called "Save a Version" to save the file, creating a new version.\
Users who typeset after every few lines are left with an enormous\
number of versions, and it is difficult to sort thrugh these versions \
with the Time Machine like "Browser All Versions \'85"\
\
Ulrich Bauer submitted patches to TeXShop to fix these problems.\
The basic idea of these patches is to call "autosaveDocumentWithDelegate"\
rather than "saveDocumentWithDelegate". \
\
Since the changes involve a very significant part of the program, where\
errors could have unfortunate consequences, 3.05 is a beta version\
not yet available via Sparkle upgrade. Please report any problems with\
saving, or with documents which don't have anticipated changes.\
\
 \
\
\
}