{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19000\viewh15440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) The Find Bar now works in the Console. You must click once in the text of the console before using command-F. Also the arrow keys must be used to move to the next or previous occurrence. There is no "find and replace" because users are not allowed to edit the contents of the Console.\
\
2) In an earlier version of TeXShop, Christian Kirchhof fixed the "Hard Wrap" command so it correctly handled comment lines. He wrote me last week that there was a mixup in version 4.43 and his code had been removed. (That was possible since I've been moving between Mojave and Catalina when working on TeXShop). But in fact, his code was in version 4.43, and it worked when TeXShop was run from XCode, but not after the code was compiled for release. It turned out that Apple optimizations broke the hard wrap code. Kirchhof fixed this for 4.44, and also handled another "edge case" to make the code even better.\
\
3) I began using Dark Mode in TeXShop, only to discover that the Dark Mode color scheme was "too bright." The "dark background" had a reddish glow, and TeX commands were colored red. So I experimented and found a preferable coloring. Instead of red commands, the commands are in blue-green and easier on the eye. And I have carefully matched the black background to the background in Apple's TextEdit. Note that users need to do a little work to get this new default theme.\
\
4)While it will not affect current users, I modified some of the TeXShop defaults when the program is newly installed on a machine as follows:\
\
	a) Now the Find Bar is the default Find facility rather than the Apple Find Panel or the OgreKit panel.\
	The Find Bar has become the default used in Safari, TextEdit, XCode, and other programs and users\
	expect to see it. Moreover, it works perfectly with dark mode and other Apple innovations. (This is unchanged\
	in the various default systems for Japanese)\
\
	b) The "Editor Can Add Brackets" in the "Editor" tab of TeXShop Preferences is now off by default. When this item is on and text longer than \
	two characters is selected, pressing one of (, \{, (, or $ will enclose the selection in a pair of matching brackets. This feature is useful is the user\
	knows it will happen and expects it, but for new users (and many older ones) it causes the editor to behave in an unexpected way, and these\
	users don't want surprises and interpret surprises as errors in the code.}