{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoascreenfonts1\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red155\green35\blue147;
\red108\green54\blue169;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0\c85000;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c60759\c13753\c57628;
\csgenericrgb\c42190\c21278\c66379;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18980\viewh15440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1) Jerry Zhu at princeton.edu complained that "x + e = "\
added 2.718 to the equation. This is due to Apple Intelligence.\
Turning Apple Intelligence off fixes the problem. The feature is\
called MathExpressionCompletion in AI, and can be turned off\
in individual applications without turning off AI. I added the following\
code to NSTextView's awakeFromNib command:\
\
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  
\f2\b \cf4 if
\f1\b0 \cf2  ([
\f2\b \cf4 self
\f1\b0 \cf2  \cf5 respondsToSelector\cf2 :
\f2\b \cf4 @selector
\f1\b0 \cf2 (setMathExpressionCompletionType:)])\
        [
\f2\b \cf4 self
\f1\b0 \cf2  \cf5 setMathExpressionCompletionType\cf2 : \cf5 NSTextInputTraitTypeNo\cf2 ];\
\
A hidden preference item named MathExpressionCompletion governs this.\
By default it is set to 0, which turns the feature off. Setting it to a nonzero\
value like 1 or 2 will turn the feature back on. (Currently, there are three\
values provided by Apple; the values 1 or 2 choose the "default" in\
Sequoia 5.2, which could change in the future.\
\
	defaults write TeXShop MathExpressionCompletion 1\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \
2) Julien Hauseux, julien.hauseux@gmail.com, discovered a bug in the\
"Close Begin/End" macro. On line 147, it reads\
\
	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
tell me to  to set environment_name to do shell script \
\
and the extra "to" should be removed, giving\
\
	tell me to set environment_name to do shell script \
\
This bug has been removed in version 5.48, but of course this will\
not help current users because their Macros list will not be rewritten\
during updates. So they should open the Macro Editor and make \
this change.\
\
3) The TeXShop help menu has an item titled\
"First Steps with General Typesetting." The last pages of that\
document contain the source and output of a short XeLaTeX\
program explaining how to directly input Arabic, Hebrew, and\
Japanese text. This document has been revised slightly\
because \\H (for Hebrew) has a meaning in the latest fontspec.\
\
4) ConTeXt and QuickLook.\
\
5) "Coloring theorem environments"\
\
6) latexmk 4.86\
\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
\
OLD BELOW\
\
!) The version number was changed to 5.48, but the item in New is still set t\
5.47. This allows running the program without resetting that number. It\
should be set to 5.48 at release time.\
\
2) Julien Hauseux, julien.hauseux@gmail.com, discovered a bug in the\
"Close Begin/End" macro. On line 147, it reads\
\
	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
tell me to  to set environment_name to do shell script \
\
and the extra "to" should be removed, giving\
\
	tell me to set environment_name to do shell script \
\
This bug has been removed in version 5.48, but of course this will\
not help current users because their Macros list will not be rewritten\
during updates. So they should be told in the Changes document,\
etc., to open the Macro Editor and make this change.\
\
3) The TeXShop help menu has an item titled\
"First Steps with General Typesetting." The last pages of that\
document contain the source and output of a short XeLaTeX\
program explaining how to directly input Arabic, Hebrew, and\
Japanese text. The first step of this code defines new fonts\
as follows:\
\
	\\newfontfamily\{\\A\}\{Geeza Pro\}\
	\\newfontfamily\{\\H\}[Scale=0.9]\{Lucida Grande\}\
	\\newfontfamily\{\\J\}[Scale=0.85]\{Osaka\}\
\
This document no longer typesets because fontspec from\
2024 supports \\TU encoding, which defines \\H to add\
a tilde over a letter. So the program claims that \\H is\
already defined. The solution is to change \\H to \\K\
(or some other letter) in the above line, and then in the\
later line inputting Hebrew. These changes are made\
in the source code and thus in the document\
"First Steps with General Typesetting".\
\
4) Bruce Horrocks, bruce@scorecrow.com, asked that\
the ConTeXt File data in TeXShop, org.tug.ctx,\
list extensions ctx,lmt, mkiv, mkvi, mkxl, mklx, tuc\
because then QuickLook would show these files,\
which are intermediate working files for ConTeXt.\
This change has been made.\
\
Later the change was reversed, due to the following note\
from Horrocks. This note should be investigated:\
\
--------------\
Hi Dick,\
\
I spoke too soon - one quirk but I\'92ve no idea where to look in the code to find it.\
\
I have my Preferences -> Typeset -> Default Command set to \'93Command Listed Below\'94 t\
o \'93Context (LMTX)\'94 which is an engine I customised myself. (See snip01 attached)\
\
When I open a .tex or .ctx file, or just start TeXShop with a blank window, the Typeset \
button is active and the \'93command choice\'94 button is set to \'93ConTeXt (LMTX)\'94, as expected. (snip02)\
\
However, if I open one of the newly defined file types - .mkxl for example, then the file \
is opened okay, but the build command dropdown is set to \'93LaTeX\'94 and the Typeset button \
is inactive even if I make a change to the file. (snip03)\
\
If I change the build command selection to my "ConTeXt (LMTX)\'94 engine the Typeset button \
still remains inactive and I can\'92t build. Is this something at my end, do you think, or \
does the code need a tweak somewhere else?\
I\'92ve also attached my engine file if it helps.\
----------\
\
I replied\
\
---------\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 One further question. With your change, TeXShop is told that\
fmt, mkiv, mkvi, mkxl, mklx, and tuc files can be typeset. \
If sounds like you only want QuickLook to open them for\
display, and you similarly want TeXShop to be able to\
open them, but not for typesetting. Is that correct?\
\
The way to do this is to invent a new file type which TeXShop\
can open and display, but not typeset. I don't know for sure\
if Quick Look would then display these files, but it might.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ----------\
\
6) Jerry Zhu at princeton.edu complained that "x + e = "\
added 2.718 to the equation. This is due to Apple Intelligence.\
Turning Apple Intelligence off fixes the problem. The feature is\
called MathExpressionCompletion in AI, and can be turned off\
in individual applications without turning off AI. I added the following\
code to NSTextView's awakeFromNib command:\
\
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  
\f2\b \cf4 if
\f1\b0 \cf2  ([
\f2\b \cf4 self
\f1\b0 \cf2  \cf5 respondsToSelector\cf2 :
\f2\b \cf4 @selector
\f1\b0 \cf2 (setMathExpressionCompletionType:)])\
        [
\f2\b \cf4 self
\f1\b0 \cf2  \cf5 setMathExpressionCompletionType\cf2 : \cf5 NSTextInputTraitTypeNo\cf2 ];\
    
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}