{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoascreenfonts1\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19000\viewh15440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) The code for "Switch Views" in a Preview Window that has not been split\
was completely rewritten, and now is very stable if Option-2 is pushed over\
and over.\
\
2) The two views in this situation are no longer the two views when a window\
is split. Instead splitting either view gives that view on top and a third view\
on the bottom of the split window. This third view is the same regardless\
of which of the two views is split.\
\
3) Any "Display Format" and  "Magnification" change to an unsplit full Preview\
window affects both views in the window.\
\
4) There is a new item in the Preview Menu:  "Link Popups". This item\
needs localization. The item is a toggle between showing popups when\
the cursor is over a link, and not doing this. The menu is checked if the\
toggle value is to show the popups.\
\
5) This menu is also in the contextual menu in the Preview Window\
when Control-clicking.\
\
6) The three modifier keys are active when the cursor passes over a link,\
and any combination of them can be used. What happens has changed \
in TeXShop 5.25. The current\
values were requested by Uwe Schmock as an aid to remembering\
their function\
\
	SHIFT = place the popup above the mouse click\
\
	COMMAND = demand a large version of the popup\
\
	OPTION = exercise the option that the popup will remain present\
			until the mouse moves\
\
The third item used to require that the modifying key be down five seconds\
after the popup appeared, when it normally would vanish. Now the third\
item can  be used at the time of the click. (But pressing it later\
and thus at the 5 second mark also works.)\
\
7) latexmk 4.82a.}