{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red69\green60\blue204;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c34510\c33725\c83922;
}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Richard Koch <koch@uoregon.edu>\
Subject: Re: TeXShop Big Sur Icon\
Date: October 4, 2021 at 6:41:11 PM PDT\
To: Rafael Vrecar <rafael.vrecar@tuwien.ac.at>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Rafael,\
\
I appreciate this email very much.\
\
Thanks for pointing out that Firefox also has an unconventional icon!\
\
Eugene, Oregon, where I am, is indeed 60 miles from the Ocean. It is also 60 miles from the top of the Cascades pass and the mountains called the Three Sisters, which still support a living glacier. The mountains are volcanos, part of the Pacific "Ring of Fire". And we have a wonderful Bach Festival each summer. But its not Vienna.\
\
Let me give more information about TouchID. I may be wrong in details, and if you know I'm wrong about something, please write again. One of the programs I use a lot is TeX Live Utility, which updates TeX Live to the very latest fonts, style files, etc. This program has to get Admin Privileges because it writes to a location owned by root, and it does that by asking for a password. Unhappily, touch ID doesn't work.\
\
So I complained to the author and he spent part of the summer looking into the matter. However, in the end he discovered that only Apple Apps asking for a password can substitute Touch ID, but there is no Cocoa API to extend the privilege to third party apps. Bummer.\
\
Your comment is about UPDATING apps. However, I'm going to guess that all the apps you use which allow Touch ID during updating came from the Apple Store. Maybe they are Apple apps, and maybe third party apps. However, the updating, and thus the use of Touch ID, is done by the Apple Store and thus by Apple.\
\
I cannot put TeXShop in the Apple Store because it isn't sandboxed, since it requires access to TeX Live and its binaries. This isn't a problem and it doesn't upset me.\
\
Updating TeXShop is done by an open source program named Sparkle. You can find their web page and source code using a Google Search. Around 2016, somebody asked them to use Touch ID when they ask for user permission. This issue is marked on the current git site as "still pending."\
\
I'm going to guess that none of the apps which update using Touch ID are open source apps using Sparkle. Note that all four GUI apps in MacTeX, TeXShop, TeX Live Utility, LaTeXiT, and BibDesk, use Sparkle. \
\
I believe BBEdit uses Sparkle. I tested just now, and there was indeed an available update. I asked that it be added, but there was no request for either a password or for TouchID.\
\
As you can guess, I seldom update my own copy of TeXShop using Sparkle. But the experience with BBEdit got me thinking. So I unzipped an old version 4.50 of TeXShop and put it in Applications. Then I updated using Sparkle. There was no request for a password or Touch ID. The update just happened.\
\
AHA. I now tried updating a copy in /Applications/TeX and this time I was asked for a password.\
\
----------\
\
I bet if you move TeXShop from /Applications/TeX to just /Applications (where it will work fine), you'll no longer be asked for a password during updates.\
\
\
Richard Koch\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 On Oct 4, 2021, at 1:23 PM, Rafael Vrecar <rafael.vrecar@tuwien.ac.at> wrote:\
\
Hello Richard,\
\
I absolutely understand your point of view.\
\
I have to admit that at first, I was quite happy to see a convergence of all of Apple's platforms regarding design language with Big Sur. However, as time goes by, I am starting to dislike the streamlined forms as it is really hard to distinguish between different icons which was very easy just because of their shape before.\
\
However, despite not using it now, I am happy that you still like it. (As it was always the idea to get to know the software "Sketch" in the first place and I won't send Microsoft a new streamlined icon but rather an open source project I like and which will actually read my email).\
\
There is one particular thing about TeXShop, I always wanted to report but then forgot until now: When updating to the new version, I am always required to enter my password. However, most of the other applications by now just ask for a TouchID confirmation. I do not know enough about the technical background, though.\
\
Best,\
Rafael Vrecar\
\
PS: Yeah, Vienna is great, I would not trade it, although, I have to admit, that I can only dream of having just ~100km to get to a sea. :P\
\
PPS: TeXShop does not have to feel bad, as it has a quite mighty neighbor with Firefox (see attachment) ;)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
}