{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red74\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue99;\red65\green1\blue76;
}
\vieww12340\viewh10660\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2180\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\li1480\fi-20\qc

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \
Localization Help\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2180\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\li1480\fi-20\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 The easiest way to localize TeXShop is to obtain the source code and duplicate the folder English.lproj. \
\
The five nib files should be localized by opening them in Interface Builder and translating items appropriately.\
\
Next translate Credits.rtf. This should be easy.\
\
The file CustomInfo.plist may not need translation, but take a brief look.\
\
The files FindPanel.strings and Localizable.strings have the same syntax. Each is a list of items of the form\
\
	"Open..." = "Open..."\
\
The item on the left is the English version of the string and should remain fixed. The item on the right is the localized version. If asked, save these files in UTF-8 Unicode format. One word of caution: a few items correspond to menu items, particularly when the string of the item will change during the course of program operation. In these cases, the localized string must exactly match the localized menu in the nib file. If not, the menu may stop working.\
\
The files InfoPlist.strings and TeXShop.scriptTerminology may not need translation, but take a look.\
\
Finally, the help system must be translated. This is the difficult job, and some localizers leave it in English. The original html help system was created from my rtf help files by Martin Kerz, who used Photoshop to create the initial gif illustration and GoLive to edit the html files. I don't have either tool. I edited his html files slightly using the html source; it would have been impossible for me to change his gif files. (Pretty pathetic; it is time to buy some tools.)\
\
TeXShopHelp is a folder; the name of this folder cannot change. Inside is an html file named "TeXShop Help.html"; this name also must not change. TeXShop Help.html is the initial html file shown when the user chooses help. Currently it contains a reference to a gif file created with Photoshop. The photoshop source for this gif is in the texshopsource folder; it is called "helpmenu.psd." Martin reports that the fonts in this gif are Myriad Pro and Lucida Grande.\
\
In a pinch, it is possible to replace this initial page by another. The only requirement is that the page must contain the following code in the header:\
\
	
\f1\fs22 \cf2 <META \cf3 NAME=\cf4 "AppleTitle"\cf2  \cf3 CONTENT=\cf4 "TeXShop Help"\cf2 >\
\

\f0\fs28 \cf0 where, of course, the string on the right side can be localized.\
\
All other help files are linked from the initial page; these files can be changed at will. A conservative approach is to leave their names alone and just translate their contents. A radical approach is to throw all of the help files away and create a entirely new set, linked from your initial page.\
\
Finally, a new index file TeXShopHelp idx must be created. This is easy. Find the program "Apple Help Indexing Tool" in /Developer/Applications. Drop the folder TeXShopHelp on this tool. The index file will automatically be created inside.}