{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf823
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Localization Changes in Version 2.0\
\
MainMenu.nib\
\
	1) In the TeXShop menu, there is a new item called\
	"Check for Updates"\
\
	2) In the Preview menu, there are new items\
	"Drawer", "Back", "Forward"\
\
MyDocument.nib\
\
	Sadly, there were so many changes in this nib file that I had to\
	completely replace the file with the English version. If I tried to\
	add the changes to old localized versions piece by piece,\
	there is no doubt that I'd miss some connections.\
\
	Therefore you will need to open an old copy of MyDocument.nib\
	and copy the translations of old elements to old elements. Then\
	you will need to translate new elements. (Or of course you can\
	just send the translations to me.)\
\
	Actually, most new elements are just repeats of old elements,\
	so there won't be many new translations; just a lot of work.\
\
	You'll be confused that interface elements seem to be repeated\
	over and over. The reason is that I wanted to work fast and release\
	a Tiger version. Thus the nib file has a "PDFWindow" and a\
	"PDFKitWindow" and it has interface elements for each. The\
	PDFWindow is the old window, still with all of the code and\
	interface elements to display any file, including pdf files. But\
	actually it is only used to display jpg, png, and tiff format files.\
	PDFKitWindow is the "same" window, but using PDFKit; it \
	displays pdf files.\
\
Preferences.nib\
\
	Under the Document tab, there is an item named\
	"Select on Activate". When checked, a click on the source\
	window also selects text. Otherwise, the first click activates\
	the window and another click is needed to select text.\
\
	Under the Preview tab, the "After Window Resize" options\
	are now "Actual Size" and "Fixed Magnification" and\
	"Fit to Window". The last two have probably been translated\
	already.\
\
	Under the Misc tab, I changed "Panther Distiller" to\
	"Apple Distiller"\
	\
The file ToolbarItems.strings has several new items at the end of the\
list which should be translated\
}