{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green73\blue188;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Thiemo Gamma <thiemogamma@gmail.com>\
Subject: Re: TeXShop \'96 Credits.rtf\
Date: August 8, 2014 at 12:10:13 PM PDT\
To: Richard Koch <koch@math.uoregon.edu>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 Dick,\
\
I used the Mac software Sketch to produce individual PNG files for each resolution. Then I used OS X's command line tool iconutil to pack the PNGs into an .icns file.\
\
You will find the original Sketch file a slightly tweaked .icns file attached. I'm glad that I can help the cause of your project.\
\
Warm regards from Switzerland\
\
Thiemo Gamma\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 On 06 Aug 2014, at 05:18, Richard Koch <koch@math.uoregon.edu> wrote:\
\
Thiemo,\
\
I'm in the midst of constructing TeXShop 3.39, which I need to release within a week\
because there is a somewhat important bug in 3.38.\
\
Today I added your dialogs for "About TeXShop" and localized them to all the\
languages supported by TeXShop by copying text from the old dialogs.\
\
Then I changed the TeXShop icon to your new icon. It looks beautiful\
and completely right for the Yosemite dock.\
\
In the next two days I'll work on finishing other features of the new release,\
but I thought you ought to know right away that I'm accepting both of\
your changes.\
\
I added your name at the end of the "Coding" section in the About TeXShop\
dialog. On my web page I also list TeXShop contributors, and include with\
their permissions their email addresses so users can contact you directly.\
Do you mind if I use your email address in these locations.\
\
Finally when I announce version 3.39, I'll use your name, because the\
new icon will be immediately noticed by all users and they will be\
curious where it came from. I just want to check that you don't\
object.\
\
Thanks so much for this wonderful change.\
\
By the way, do you have "source code" for your icon? What software\
did you use to construct it? It would be nice to have that source as part\
of the TeXShop source code in case people want to make tweeks in the\
future. I don't think tweeks are required, but just in case ....\
\
Dick Koch\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
}